# 2.73 Consolidating the moderate cultural conservative forces of Europe

> 原文页码: 649-651

Hiding the Decline: 
[5] Hacked E Mails: Climate Scientists Discuss “Hiding Decline” In Temperatures 
[6] Mike’s Nature Trick 
[7] McIntyre: The deleted data from the “Hide the Decline” trick 
[8] Hide The Decline – Climategate 
[9] Bishop Hill’s compendium of CRU email issues
Sources:
1. http://www.foxnews.com/projects/pdf/113009_IISDreport.pdf
2. http://www.europa-eu-un.org/articles/en/article_8975_en.htm
3. http://www.prisonplanet.com/climate-bombshell-hacker-leaks-thousands-of-emails-showing-conspiracy-to-hide-the-real-
data-on-manmade-climate-change.html
4. http://www.prisonplanet.com/climategate-the-final-nail-in-the-coffin-of-anthropogenic-global-warming.html
5. http://www.prisonplanet.com/hacked-e-mails-climate-scientists-discuss-hiding-decline-in-temperatures.html
6. http://www.prisonplanet.com/mike%E2%80%99s-nature-trick.html
7. http://www.prisonplanet.com/mcintyre-the-deleted-data-from-the-%e2%80%9chide-the-decline%e2%80%9d-trick.html
8. http://www.prisonplanet.com/hide-the-decline-climategate.html
9. http://www.prisonplanet.com/bishop-hill%E2%80%99s-compendium-of-cru-email-issues.html
Effective communication and consolidation
"In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act."
George Orwell
2.73 Consolidating the moderate cultural conservative forces of Europe
Creating the foundation for a Second European Renaissance, pre-2083 
The essence of consolidation for all European cultural conservative is:
1.
Defining who we are and whom we are willing to include/exclude
2.
Describing the problem/what we want ”fixed”
3.
Conclusions/Solutions/The way ahead
It’s an extremely complex subject which eventually boils down to the following:
We (the moderate cultural conservatives of Europe) will need to create a consensus (a 
political ideology preferably) which must appeal to AT LEAST 20-35% of the Western 
European population (which makes up the bulk of the moderate right wing in Europe 
today). It’s worth noting that aprox. 70% of European patriotic conservatives are male 
while only 30% female.
The new political ideology has to be inclusive enough so that enough Europeans support 
it. At the same time it has to ”solve” the current weaknesses of the Western European 
countries.
The problem with today’s political climate and political correctness in general however is 
that it is considered inappropriate and offensive to discuss 1. and 2. Therefore it is 
considered even more so to even mention 3…
The cowardice that most people show (by their reluctance to discuss this) is appalling, 
even among conservatives. If the moderate conservatives DO NOT, then extreme 
conservatives will, and we eventually risk ending up with another nasty/racist form of 
fascism (thanks to the moderate cowards who for various reasons were reluctant to 
contribute).
I believe Europe should strive for:
A cultural conservative approach where monoculturalism, moral, the nuclear family, a 
free market, support for Israel and our Christian cousins of the east, law and order and 
Christendom itself must be central aspects (unlike now). Islam must be re-classified as a 
political ideology and the Quran and the Hadith banned as the genocidal political tools 
they are.
Someone once said: ” Believe in something or be defeated by anything” which describes 
Western Europe’s problem correctly at the moment. 
Fjordmans book; ”Defeating Eurabia” concluded with the following points; 
- Mass Muslim immigration will continue (or more precisely, the cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists will continue to import voters).
- Muslim birth rates remain above 3 while non Muslim birth-rates remain below 
replacement rate.
- The Muslim “ghettofication” process in major cities continues (less than 50% of Muslims 
will be considered "successfully integrated” in the future.
- The majority of Muslims continue to abide by the ground rule of Sharia: a Muslim girl 
will never be allowed to marry a kuffār. Most people today forget that this rule is the 
most important rule within Sharia and theoretically places 90% of all Muslims in the 
same category as Islamists.
- The factors above results in a scenario where the "Muslims/Multiculturalist alliance" 
remain in power (despite that more and more non-Muslims move right in the political 
landscape). They therefore set a stop to all democratic attempts or "solutions" which can 
stop or reverse the Islamisation of that specific Western European country. It basically 
cripples the democracies and uses the democratic mechanics against the non-Muslims).
- 2030 - Muslims reach critical mass (20%), which basically means that the MI6 or other 
European intelligence agencies will not be able to stop all attacks.
- 2070-2080 - the Muslim population becomes a majority - 50%+.
When will the silent majority (middle class) react or get involved in the 
struggle?
You would think people would have some sort of reaction to the destruction of their own 
culture and civilisation.
However, people in general won't react until they feel that they are allowed to do so. But 
that moment will come, perhaps sooner than we think (most likely when Muslims reach 
around 50% in either the Netherlands or France).
Today (phase 1) people refrain from reacting since they live in economic prosperity, and 
to stand up for their ideas would send them into suffering. However, in a few decades we 
will have an economic downfall that will make the current recession look like a picnic. 
And at that point standing up for their ideas will come at no extra cost, since the 
suffering is already prevalent.
What will trigger Phase 3 (civil war)?
There will not be any “fertile ground” as long as the European countries are prosperous 
with minimal unemployment. When that changes in the time frame 30-70 years, 
combined with the nation going towards Muslim majority this will all change. The never 
ending flood of Muslim demands is calculated to break the budget, jam the bureaucratic 
gears into gridlock, and bring the system crashing down. Fear, turmoil, violence and 
economic collapse would accompany such a breakdown providing perfect conditions for 
fostering radical change.
It may be relatively peaceful until ”something” triggers a confrontation. This ”something” 
can be a combination of an economic depression resulting in massive unemployment, 
riots getting out of hand, an assassination or a terrorist attack by an Islamist group or 
Anti-Jihad group.  
The confrontation has a cascade effect which results in a similar scenario as that of 
Lebanon. The rebellion will eventually develop into a civil war. Para-military organisations 
will be created on both sides (Muslims + cultural Marxists vs. the cultural 
conservatives/nationalists).
The conservatives of that specific Western European country are screaming for "a strong 
leader or group" who can ”approach and solve” this problem (70% of men, 30% of 
women will support this – a total of 25% of the people or 50% of all non-Muslims). 
By studying all available data, we know that once the Muslims reach approximately 50% 
of the population there will be a conflict which is likely to result in enormous human 
suffering. At that point, morality will lose its meaning. The question of good and evil will 
be reduced to one simple choice for us; Survive or perish. The "strongman" is what we 
are headed for. He's not what we want; he's just the inevitable endgame.
Consolidating our forces in phase 1, 2 and 3
We must work hard in the coming decades to create and develop Anti-Jihad or other 
forms of Cultural conservative movements. Our objectives will be to recruit the youths of 
our society (15-30) whom will be the bulk of the physical defence of our cultural 
conservative ideology.
The cultural conservatives vs. the racial conservatives

