# 2.74 Organisational strategy for phase 1; Better communication and cooperation among cultural conservative groups

> 原文页码: 652-655

Whoever manages to attract the youths of a society will have the best possibility to 
secure power and implement the changes of the given political ideology.
If racist organisations succeed where we have failed, then we know what will happen. 
Unfortunately for us, the intelligence agencies of Europe are currently doing everything 
they can to prevent the creation of any type of militia, that being CC’s or RC’s. The media 
on the other hand will go to great lengths to put us, the cultural conservatives (anti-Jihad 
movements etc.) in the same category as the racial conservatives. To them it’s black and 
white; According to them, everyone who is not considered “politically correct” must by 
default be racists or Nazis…
Organisational work in Phase 1 (2009-2030)
We must spend the next 20 years wisely and continue our work on creating a pan 
European conservative consolidation, a new conservative political ideology (a political 
ideal) which has the potential to appeal to a MINIMUM of 20-35% of Western Europeans, 
including the bulk of our youth. The creation of cultural conservative student 
organisations in Universities all over Europe must be a priority.
In order to do this we have to agree on a consensus for creating a modern, “un-tainted”, 
cultural conservative, patriotic youth movement which will prevent our youths from 
joining NS or WN movements. This movement should be somewhat like the equivalent of 
Russias Nashi movement (Putins youth movement - 120,000 members aged between 17 
and 25). They are anti fascist/anti Nazi, but still patriotic conservatives.
Our goal in phase 1 is to take the current “anti-Jihad movements” to a second level, 
approach, cooperate with and/or merge with Christian movements and other cultural 
conservative movements (who agree on a set point of principles).
In order for us to do this we have to agree on a given set of principles and be 
accommodating when approaching other conservative movements.
Our aim should be to:
1. Create a pan European student/youth movement (at universities, high schools, social 
activities). F example call it: “Young Europeans”, “Christian European Renaissance 
Movement” or just “Renaissance Movement” (Attempting to unite Christians, anti-
Eurabians, nationalists and other types of cultural conservatives.
2.74 Organisational strategy for phase 1; Better communication and 
cooperation among cultural conservative groups
Learning from cultural Marxists/multiculturalists
It's clear they've done more than merely mess up our countries; they've also, quite 
intentionally, messed with our minds.
As it turns out, messing with our minds wasn't just one part of the plan; it was the 
essential goal of the entire plan of conquest (Implementation of the EU’s Eurabia 
project/European multiculturalism/Islamisation of Europe). They used sociology, social 
psychology, linguistics, and a subtle understanding of human motivation to get into our 
heads and change the way we processed reality itself, in ways that made it impossible to 
question all the other things they were up to.
Ending cultural Marxist/multiculturalist dominance will require us to undo the vast 
memetic and ontological damage they've wrought on two entire generations of 
Europeans. We have no choice but to fight this fire with fire of our own. And the first 
thing we need to do is understand, very specifically, how they did it. Fortunately, this 
isn't hard: the basics are all laid out in their original written plans.
We must win the people over culturally—by defining how man ought to act, how he ought 
to perceive the world around him, and what it means to live the good life.
What is the meaning of life? How should we relate to each other? Our families and 
communities? Other nations? God? The planet? What is good, and how do we recognise 
it? What is evil, and how should we respond?
These are the basic ontological questions on which our ability to parse the rest of reality 
depends—the foundations of every human's cognitive model of the world. Change these 
underlying assumptions, and the way we prioritise and evaluate everything else in the 
world necessarily changes, too. We must recognise this and focus on selling the cultural 
conservative worldview, via every possible channel. We must make this the central focus 
of our movement. Once we get them to accept our basic assumptions about reality 
(rationalism), we know, the rest of our agenda will follow naturally. 
We must set ourselves up as a daring and controversial counterculture that offers an 
original and rebellious alternative to the prevailing set of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
assumptions.
Our status as a mass movement begins and ends with our ability to inspire the masses to 
share our worldview. Promoting that worldview is the only goal that matters; and every 
action we take should be aimed at moving us toward that outcome. When that 
epistemology is widely accepted, implementing our policies will proceed easily and 
naturally, with minimal opposition.
Unfortunately, we're starting from a place of weakness. cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
ideals are far more compelling (emotionalism, multiculturalism, humanism which has led 
us towards the ongoing Islamisation of Europe), however they are suicidal to any 
civilisation and cannot be accepted or tolerated. History teaches that all great civilisations 
who have fallen in the past have been self defeated. A civilisation is born on rationalism 
and defeated on emotionalism. Our goal is to prevent our civilisation from dying by 
basically ”resetting” the current values by replacing them with our ”old core, rational and 
cultural conservative values. Implementing our principles throughout Europe which will 
be known as the second cultural European renaissance can only be done after assuming 
power politically supported by the military. Before that is even possible Europe will burn 
once again, people will die, but Europe will be reborn as strong as it once was. 
Everything Europeans do, the institutions and physical infrastructure we build, the 
investments and decisions we make, the goals we set and the ideals we cherish, emerges 
from and is evaluated according to our essential assumptions about how the world works. 
Getting people to understand and embrace the basic premises of the conservative 
(rationalist, cultural conservative worldview is the first and most critical step to creating a 
lasting progressive era in Europe. When that's accomplished, we can set about reforming 
every one of society's institutions so that it reflects those values starting with school 
curriculum’s and disallowing cultural Marxist propaganda in the mass media.
People may be desperate for change and some new ideas—but even so, we'd be wise not 
to underestimate how much time it's going to take to remove all the constraints they've 
put on people's thinking. We'd be even wiser to become very energetic about promoting 
ourselves as a new, fresh alternative counterculture that's not afraid to confront a crusty 
and crumbling status quo.
Convince Europeans we're trustworthy to lead
Our biggest problem will likely be that the public (after decades of cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist brainwashing) simply don't trust us to lead. So we must focus on 
fixing that perception, a process that may take several decades. We must persuade the 
countries of Europe that the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes where and are 
suicidal, corrupt, inept and completely unworthy of trust. If we want a permanent cultural 
conservative regime (despite our non-democratic methods), we have to reach out to 
inspire and earn the country's deep trust in our ideas and our leadership. We need their 
loyalty for the long run.
Align strategy with tactics…
We have a growing army of wonderful, energetic, skilled activists out there doing the 
organising and moving the message. We also have a smaller and very much neglected 
cadre of strategic big-picture thinkers who are looking way out ahead, figuring out where 
we want to go and how best to get there. And not only do the two factions seldom talk—
when they do talk, they often find they're not even speaking the same language. 
Activists dismiss strategists as thinking too big-picture, and not understanding the 
realities on the ground. Strategists see the activists running off in all kinds of directions, 
instead of aligning their energies and focusing them on well-chosen small battles that will 
pay off in much bigger victories down the road.
Its important to speak in large generalisations about principles, values, and large-scale 
visions of what the world should be. This is energising to strategic thinkers, who see the 
same big picture and who understand that you have to create that kind of overarching 
vision of the change you want to create before you can fill in the details. However, that 
same style drives wonkier folks crazy: they're very uncomfortable with that lack of detail. 
They don't want the big-picture stuff; they want to know exactly what is to be expected.
It's cheering to realise the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists have had ongoing issues 
with this exact same problem. But it also points up the sobering truth that we won't 
experience a smooth transition when we take power unless we also learn how to bridge 
that gap so we can maximise the skills of both groups. We need to get the people who 
are capable of plotting long-range strategy linked up closely with the people who have 
the tactical skills to execute it—and both sides need to have the wisdom to know and 
respect that they're bringing different but important things to the table.
Invest in creating elite tacticians
No successful movement goes anywhere without a tightly-knit, trusted, trained core of 
elite activist leaders who are all working for the same goal. It is more important to have 
a few impassioned members than a large number of largely indifferent members." If the 
core is energetic, smart, and strong, all the rest will naturally fall into place around it.
The cultural Marxists lacks a tradition of respecting their most experienced leaders. It's a 
common liberal conceit to think that any one of us could do what they do.
Conservatives on the other hand have a tradition of respecting and falling in line with our 
most experienced leaders. Good followers without constant second guessing. There's a 
time for big consensus-building all-in conversations; but there's also a time to stop 
talking, fall in line, and do what needs to be done without backbiting or second-guessing 
the decision. This is our biggest strenght. We believe in something constant, our culture 
and national identity and many of us are willing to die for it. 
The biggest weakness of the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist mindset is that they lack a 
grand scheme; they act on short term intuition, emotions and short sight-ness.  They 
think only 5-10 years ahead while we think 30-50 years ahead.  
Cultural Marxists lose a lot of good leaders simply because they get tired of trying to 
keep all the frogs in the wheelbarrow, which takes their focus off of the more important 
task of getting the wheelbarrow where it's going. It's one of the most typical ways in 
which they burn out their own most talented folks.
Our biggest flaw is our unwillingness for inclusiveness. When people have had enough of 
the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist culture, we need to embrace them and make them 
feel at home among us.
They need to come voluntary though. Building a movement is a sales job—but the sale is 
closed when they accept our terms, not when we bend to meet theirs.
Our worldview and principles are absolutely central to the entire long term goal, and 
should never be compromised for anyone. If someone don't agree, fine. Take it or leave 
it. We will not fudge our own convictions in the hopes of drawing off a few more 
supporters from less significant sub-groups. We know that in time these little 
compromises form the cracks that undermine the entire movement.
Everyone needs to know that we are a purely defensive movement. We didn't start this 
fight that is leading us to cultural suicide. They did, the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists. 
We are simply doing what is necessary to protect European culture and to make sure we 
won’t end up under Sharia law.
The cultural Marxists have since the 1960’s used powers of the country to squelch our 
movement, using whatever pretext they are able to invent. Unfortunately, these 
persecutions have not created the expected sympathy.
The battle we face is the same one our ancestors fought; and we owe it to their 
memories to fight it hard and well.
Don't underestimate the resistance
There is no excuse for ever being surprised by the ferocity or ingenuity of cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist attacks.
But if we're in this fight to win, we need to get serious about being prepared for to make 
sacrifices and attack them relentlessly where it hurts the most. After all, we have far less 
to fear from them than they do from us. 
They are bound by the shackles of Emotionalism, their achilles which eventually will lead 
to their downfall. We, as rational thinkers, don’t suffer under the strong Emotionalist 
ethical lines which prevents them from taking the necessary measures. 

