# 2.75 Copying Marxist organisational strategies and networks – locally, nationally and internationally

> 原文页码: 656-659

When the time is right we will make a ruthless effective push that will make them run in 
fear. We, after all, have a conviction worth dying for; to secure freedom for people of 
Europe and prevent a third wave of Islamic invasion.
We will eventually be able to punish our unjust oppressors. 
Our weakness: Passivity
An excessive amount of intellectualisation divorced from application in the real work is a 
kind of escape from reality, or the creation of a virtual reality. Thinking becomes tired, 
static, and inward-looking. People become more interested in creating mental utopias 
than having a real impact on society. There is a place in society for abstract, academic 
discussion. This is not that place."
We spend so much time sharing our esoteric enthusiasms, complaining about stuff 
nobody else cares about, and reaffirming each others' worldview that we fail to do the 
real work of the movement, which is getting out there and winning new hearts and minds 
to the cause. We become hypersensitive (and sometimes downright surly) in the face of 
earnest questions from outsiders who don't understand the secret language of our 
groupthink. We build up walls that keep new members out, and harden into a cloistered 
elite that has no room for newcomers. 
If the goal is to build a mass movement, those developments are absolutely fatal. And 
the only way to avoid it is to insist that our groups stay open to new members and ideas, 
and actively engaged with work that promotes our ideas in the hostile climate of current 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist Europe.
2.75 Copying Marxist organisational strategies and networks – locally, 
nationally and internationally 
The following study was conducted in Norway but many of the results and findings apply 
locally, nationally and internationally.
Comparison (political influence vs. number of members/supporters): 
FrP (Progress Party – mod. cultural conservatives) – 23% – 25k members 
Rødt (Red – Marxists) – 1,3% in 09 election – 1,7k members
They are violent and few but they are extremely effective and 
talented at what they do. A relatively small group (50-100) of 
hardcore Norwegian Marxists are doing a remarkable job at 
gaining and exercising political influence in various fronts. In 
order for conservatives to succeed, they must copy the Marxist 
strategies. We must actively use deceit and use our networks as 
force-multipliers so that we may manage to exercise a 
disproportionate amount of influence. Let’s try to look at their 
methods and organisational structure/pattern and draw some 
conclusions on how cultural conservatives can learn and improve 
on organisational strategies. 
This group of Marxists have a large pool (approximately 10 000 in Norway) of non-violent 
activists which they rally and demonstrate with (not including their Muslim support 
groups). The Marxist political party “Rødt” (Red) is a micro party with only 1700 
members. KrF – Christian Democrats in comparison have 38 000 members, Senterpartiet 
have 22 000, even the small cultural conservative party Demokratene (Democrats) have 
5000 members. SV (Socialist Left Party) have 9000 members but only a fraction is as 
active on the demo front as Rødts members. Many of SVs members are “sofa-radicals”, 
especially among the older members. 
The Marxist party Rødt is extremely efficient when it comes to organising events and 
arranging various demonstrations. Their leaders are aggressively creating “front-
organisations” everywhere. An alternative strategy they are known for is to infiltrate 
other established organisations and reform them from within: f. example Natur & 
Ungdom (Nature and Youth - a well known environmental activist organisation) and 
Målungdommen (cultural organisation dedicated to promoting Norwegian dialects). They 
were also founding organisations such as “Samebevegelsen” (A Sami minority 
organisation) in the 70s and several other minority organisations. They created 
Kvinnefronten (Feminist Front) and several important environmental organisations. 
Nevertheless, RV/AKP/Rødt have lost control of a couple of the organisations they helped 
create such as Anti-Rasistisk Senter (Anti-Racist Center) and a couple of other minority 
organisations. However, they are still ideologically close to them and they usually end up 
demonstrating/rally together in order to create the biggest possible alliance.   
An average Rødt (Red) activist is a member of 10-15 other organisations. This is how 
they manage to convert a single voice into something ten times as powerful (a form of 
force-multiplication). They use each of the organisations in the public debate to maximise 
media penetration. In comparison, where the second largest political party in Norway – 
FrP (a moderate cultural conservative political party) only have one single voice, hardcore 
Marxists have 20-30 voices in the public debate through various organisations spanning 
over several fields. I would say every single Rødt member is worth 50 times as much as 
each FrP member and more than 1000 times as much as an average Norwegian 
pensioner when it comes to influencing society. Not really how we would imagine a 
democracy?! The reason is because the average Rødt member is so active when it comes 
to aggressively seeking positions of influence in addition to attending and organising 
various demonstrations and events. These individuals are actively seeking influence in 
many aspects of society through various fronts and disguises. As such, the direction of 
the public debate and development is highly influenced by a relatively small Marxist 
faction of the population, namely those who organise and participate through various 
fronts, NGOs and interest groups which they again use to pressure politicians. 
This is one of the primary reasons why today’s politicians, media and NGO leaders (who 
predominantly propagate cultural Marxist doctrines) are pushing an agenda that the 
majority of the people oppose on several key areas. I mean, common, who wants to see 
a de-Christianisation of Europe or a systematical destruction of European traditions, 
culture, identity and nation states? The politicians are continuously pressured from a 
multitude of fronts, idealistic organisations created or infiltrated by the cultural Marxist 
68 generation in Norway and Western Europe in general. Many of these politicians chose 
the path of least resistance and allow themselves to be manipulated by the “dominant 
elite Marxist mob”. They do not care about public opinion or the will of the people. Their 
standard tactic is to bulldoze over the public opinion, the will of the people and any 
poorly organised resistance (the silent and poorly organised majority). They use labelling 
techniques and other fascist authoritarian means to achieve their goals: their goals being 
political domination and implementation of Marxist doctrines. Multiculturalism is to them 
a tool to effectively destroy every shred of European culture and identity in order to 
implement a borderless Marxist utopia. Their alliance with Islam is only a short term 
strategy until everything European has been destroyed. They will then destroy Islam 
(they hope) and include all the ex-Muslims in the utopian Marxist borderless super state.
So who is the typical member and from where do they recruit new members? How 
motivated are they and how far are they willing to go to achieve their goals?
The cultural Marxist extremists in Rødt and similar Marxist organisations recruit primarily 
young idealists from secondary schools, high schools and other youth arenas. They often 
recruit under false and deceptive idealistic banners we all have sympathy for (anti-racist, 
pro-minority, pro-gay, anti-war, pro-environment, pro-wildlife, helping Palestinian 
children and similar organisations). These cover organisations are again exploiting the 
system (or perhaps the system was designed for this…) by receiving public funding per 
member. This is another reason why the average hardcore Marxist is a member of 15-20 
organisations at once.
As an illustration:
The cultural conservative political party FrP with 25 000 members receive approximately 
150 NOK in public funding per member which totals 3,75 million NOK (450k Euro) per 
year in public subsidies. In addition FrP charges 200 NOK from each member per year. 
Now, the busy little bees of Rødt (1700 members) and allied cultural Marxist 
organisations control more than 15-20 NGOs. They cynically set the annual member fee 
to a minimum (5-50 NOK) and actively pursue their pool of 50 000 or so sympathisers 
for cross-membership (membership in several organisations). 
The result is 15-20 NGOs under their control with extremely bloated member lists (cross 
members). By using this strategy they gain an un-proportionate amount of influence, 
something they know perfectly well how to take advantage of. In addition, they earn 
millions of Euro annually. Our journalists refuse to pursue this abuse of power as 99% of 
Norwegian journalists are multiculturalists and thus have certain sympathies for more 
hardcore political entities. 
The Marxist activists are having a field day every single autumn when the new students 
arrive from small towns and rural areas to attend our various Marxist dominated 
universities. During the introductory week each autumn these Marxists political activists 
spend a lot of time recruiting new students. They usually arrange the coolest parties, 
have the coolest student social clubs, the most active student organisations and usually 
create the best marketing brochures and effects.
In the universities they recruit their members from the country’s future power elite and 
they gradually and systematically channel these new conscripts into their social networks 
for more ideological indoctrination.  
Rødt has a front-organisation for everything, something for almost every imaginable 
taste: for solidarity with Africa or Palestine, for the environment, for feminism, for 
promotion of dialects, against rape, for human rights, against commercial, for asylum 
seekers, against capitalism, for culture (rock, hip-hop, art etc), for international 
solidarity, against Christianity, against pornography, etc. it goes on and on.
And the new naive students are channeled through these numerous smaller fronts where 
they are presented with more indoctrination from already established and more 
experienced Marxists. Some of these new recruits end up in the political party Rødt or in 
their newspaper Klassekampen (War of the Classes).  The end result (after attending 
university) is a new generation of hardcore leftist political activists ready to continue to 
implement Marxist doctrines in society. The new generation Marxists recruited from the 
best of our youth right under our nose. 
However, after a few years, a majority of these students realise how the world works and 
reject some of the earlier teachings. Many of them end up as highly influential 
individuals, moderate cultural Marxists (multiculturalists) and support more moderate 
leftist doctrines along the lines of the Labour Party. These individuals very often seek 
power positions within politics, government agencies, politically oriented NGOs, media 
companies and within the education sector. 
It’s worth noting that areas the Marxist are unable to penetrate and dominate are 
faculties in the fields of economics and law which on the other hand is dominated by 
cultural conservatives. This also includes the police academies the military and several 
private sector fields. 
Marxist organisations such as Rødt and their many Blitz, AFA, SOS fronts therefore 
function as initial recruitment centers or boot camps for the more established and 
moderate leftist movements which continue to dominate Western European regimes. 
This is the reason why the Labour Party and other leading European political parties keep 
a protective hand over the extreme Marxist movements like Rødt, AFA, Blitz, UAF etc. 
The European cultural Marxist establishment’s relationship with extreme and even violent 
Marxist youth organisations is equivalent to the relationship the NSDAP had to 
Hitlerjugend and similar organisations in the previous century. Why would they contribute 
to destroy their own boot camps?
If we, the cultural conservatives want to democratically succeed in the future we simply 
have to copy these strategies. The problem here however is that cultural conservatives 
(and most anti-Marxists) generally lack an idealistic and voluntary mindset. I can 
personally attest to this. I didn’t originally intend to work for free as an ideological 
warrior. I, as a majority of my friends, was driven by the lust for personal acquisition and 
prestige like a majority of cultural conservatives. Screw everything and everyone right, it 
was me, myself and I. Why do you think the Marxist 68 generation managed to 
successfully implement multiculturalism and various other Marxist doctrines? Where the 
hell was the cultural conservative 68 generation? The answer is simple. They didn’t care 
about politics as they generally lacked an idealistic mindset and were instead busy 
working, providing for their families. Many worked as small business owners or with 
economics and law. Our parent generation (the 68 cultural conservative generation) had 
the same flaws we have today. We are egotistical and greedy zealots driven by our lust 
for personal acquisitions/prestige completely lacking a political idealistic drive. 
There are still many of us who have always been or at least have become politically 
active and we might witness a trend shift. This is because an increasing number of 
people are waking up and seeing that much of what they learned at school or read in the 
MSM press is a lie.  That our societies are spiraling down fast towards the abyss and we 
have to stop it. But tbh. I doubt we can ever fully match the idealistic spirit of the Marxist 
as it is not in our nature. Historically, we have usually waited until the last possible 
second before reasserting control. This is not something we can rely on as it is simply too 
risky. We can’t risk waiting until the Muslims are 50% of the population or we will end up 
as Lebanon, as a terrorised dhimmi minority in our own lands. The worst case scenario 
would be that we are completely and utterly annihilated by Marxist-Islamic forces. The 
Marxists will be wiped out by the Muslims as well, but at that point, we are already dead. 
Conclusion:
Small groups of hardcore Marxists act as force-multipliers and control (through hard work 
and a myriad of organisations) an extremely disproportionate amount of the public 
debate and direction. The extreme Marxist youth organisations operate as boot camps for 
the moderate and established political leftist parties and organisations. 

