# 2.76 Public opposition to Islamisation translated into success for political parties

> 原文页码: 660-660

This proves that a micro minority has the potential to exert a massive amount of 
influence in a country if they play their cards correctly. As few as 50-100 politically active 
individuals CAN considerably influence a country of 4-5 million. The same principle 
applies for the international community as well. The global cultural Marxist mafia (the 
current world order) now effectively control all Western European countries (Greece, Italy 
and Denmark excluded), the US (Obama), Canada, the UN and a majority of the major 
NGOs.  The cultural conservatives MUST copy the organisational efforts of the Marxists 
locally, nationally and internationally. 
There are numerous international examples of micro groups influencing a country or area 
disproportionally as they operate as force-multipliers.
Examples are the Taliban (less than 5%) in Pakistan. A small group can cause civil war 
and inflict havoc in a country. The multiculturalists are saying that it is unproblematic 
that 5-15% of Western European Muslims support Al Qaeda ideologically. WRONG. 5-
15% can bring any country to its knees! 
10% of the Ummah make out more than 140 million individuals. If only half of them 
(5%) declare Jihad the results will be irreversibly catastrophic. The Bolsheviks where only 
counted a few hundred in 1910, the National Socialists was a micro party before the 
crack in 1929 etc.   
2.76 Public opposition to Islamisation translated into success for political 
parties
It has been found that in the country where the public is the most opposed to 
Islamisation, Greece, there is no successful populist right party, but that in two of the 
three Scandinavian countries where the public is the least opposed to Islamisation, there 
is such a party. 
The gist of the findings of such studies is that opposition to Islamisation is widespread in 
all Western European countries. The question they raise
is, why is this opposition not translated into success for anti-immigrant parties in certain 
countries like Sweden, Germany and the UK?
The answer is:
It is not the message itself but rather the credibility of the actor who delivers it that 
makes the crucial difference. "Reputational shields" are therefore thought to be helpful to 
political parties on three levels:
- 1. As a valuable resource for the anti-immigrant party in elite debate
- 2. As external justification for voters
- 3. As internal justification for voters.

