# 2.77 Cultural conservative/nationalist rhetorical strategies

> 原文页码: 661-665

Unfortunately, this is the case for BNP, they lack "reputational shields" on a couple of 
areas, lacking a secondary platform and ”un-tainted” leadership. 
For example, a party that has a legacy as an agrarian party will be able to use its 
reputation shield to fend off criticisms from other elite actors accusing the party of racism 
and extremism. By contrast, old fascist parties or brand new parties do not have such 
reputational shields at their disposal when facing such criticism. Second, a voter can 
more easily justify voting for a party proposing radically restrictive immigration policies to 
his or her peers and community as not being an act in support of racism or extremism if 
the party in question is known for promoting "other policies", too. Third, voters can more 
easily justify their choice to themselves as not being motivated by racism when the party 
in question has a ”reputational shield”.
BNP and a few of these parties really needs a solid "secondary platform. F example as a 
"tax cut" party, or "law and order" party. It will take them a few years if they avoid 
making future mistakes (if they implement this agenda). The potential is there. 
All anti-Islamisation parties of Western Europe should study the "Norwegian model". The 
Progress Party, currently the most successful anti-immigration party in Europe, 
(www.frp.no) currently enjoying 27% on the polls (q1 09) and received 22% last 
election. It has a "reputational shields" as it started out as a "tax cut" party but took on 
anti-Immigration in the early 90’s. They have a good strategy where "modern rhetoric" 
and several "female" spokespersons is a part of the picture. 
Britain, France, and Sweden are stuck in this quagmire in particular. Tainted "right wing" 
leaders (background from racial conservative movements) who are indirectly dissalowing 
the Jihadi resistance movement from reaching its full potential. However, as noted in 
another chapter, it is unlikely if remaining too moderate in the foreseeable future will 
allow any party to gain any influence whatsoever though. Perhaps remaining small and 
much more “hardcore” is the way to go afterall? Germany, on the other hand, is a special 
case though. The country still suffers from severe psychological trauma and is simply 
unable to mount any form of political defence.
2.77 Cultural conservative/nationalist rhetorical strategies 
To focus on a specific issue first. Using progressive and tactical rhetoric. Using 
appropriate rhetoric is essential in communicating a message successfully. 
The word "race", “white”, “ethnic” or "nationalist" for that matter should never be used in 
modern debates with adversaries or individuals who may have been subject to severe 
indoctrination. These words are so stained by history and post-war media coverage that 
you are basically just undermining yourself and the message you seek to communicate 
by actively using them. It’s wise to limit the use of all words that has stigma attached as 
well as or the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist mainstream media will attempt to label you 
as a bigot. If you use the word "race" you are basically contributing to committing 
character assassination of yourself or will contribute to self-defeat of the organisational 
goals you are representing. You need to understand the following; the modern European 
man/women has been indoctrinated or conditioned in a way that he is likely to run for 
the hill or active subliminous mental defensive blocks if you use rhetoric containing these 
words in your attempt to reach out to him or her. Ill try to explain this more throuroughly 
as this applies to me as well. In a world where the absolute arch sin is to be a Nazi, 
words who are associated with Nazis must be avoided at all costs, regardless of the 
justification for associating them with given ideology. I have researched this quite 
throuroughly as I have discussed immigration, European identity and culture with 
hundreds perhaps thousands of individuals over the years. My intention for discussing is 
often to reaffirm my beliefs by getting the individuals to agree with me (which is normal 
when you discuss politics with someone). In other words, I am initially assessing the 
individuals knowledge level before deciding which rhetorical strategi I am to use. If he is 
a humanist (naive), I will use a specific approach, a different one if he is a true cultural 
Marxist and yet another if he is a capitalist globalists. I have programmed in perhaps a 
hundred different rhetorical approaches wheter the individual is a national Bolshevik or a 
laizzes faire capitalist. 
 included most of the facts and arguments I actively use in this compendium so everyone 
has the opportunity to become a master debater if he or she so chooses. The clue to win 
over new sympathisers or supporters it done efficiently by telling them how the world 
works but by asking the right questions or rather excellent arguments disguised as 
questions.
I use demographical data a lot, f example: Lebanese example (once a Christian country, 
now Muslim) and add:
What is your reasoning for believing that Western Europe will not end up as Lebanon from a 
demographical standpoint?
And if, let’s say, Western Europe is likely to end up as Lebanon, shouldn’t Europeans be 
allowed to prevent this from happening?
Or a couple of other examples:
You say that preserving Tibetan culture is a just cause, that the Chinese strategy of 
dempgraphical warfare using Han Chinese settlers is immoral. Why do you then oppose 
European patriots trying to preserve European culture?  
You claim that you are an anti fascist. But why do you ridicule Europeans demonstrating 
outside Wahhabi Mosques when Wahhabism is clearly a fascist ideology. Doesn’t this make 
you a hypocrite? 
Using fact based arguments disguised as questions are killers and works extremely well. 
I have coached several hundred individuals around the world in rhetorical strategies and 
have thus contributed to win over hundreds perhaps thousands of new supporters and 
sympathisers. 
I have aprox. 2500 Facebook contacts at the moment. Whenever I put up a new story 
(usually involving the current suicide of Europe) I get many comments. My general rule is 
to delete all posts containing naughty words (listed above). The reason is that these 
words act as deterrents and paralyzes the debate. Patriotic “more politically correct” 
individuals who would normally comment will be afraid to comment after a any definition 
of “blurp posts” containing f example one or more words: “white” “race” “genocide” “civil 
war”. 
In their mind they are terrified to somehow be associated with given individual as they 
fear being labelled as a racist. The thought paralyzes them and activates their self 
preservation mechanics which again tells them NOT to post. It’s sad but we cant really do 
anything but to adapt to the reality that so many patriots are indoctrinated to a point 
where they are completely brainwashed. 
Whenever I ignore sensor of these words in debates, I end up with 5 or less 
commentators. On the other hand, if I sensor any comments containing these words I 
usually get more than 15 individual commentators (TRIPLE the amount).
The lesson we can learn from this and other examples are: the end goal is the only 
relevant thing. Containing your rhetoric within certain politically correct parameters is the 
only logical approach to go. Not doing is will often be counter productive or self 
defeating. 
The example of self containment should be used in other rhetorical circumstances as 
well. We have the truth. Now HOW do we communicate the truth most efficiently? There 
are counter productive ways and optimal ways to communicate the truth based on which 
individual or target group you are communicating to.
If your target group is clearly a victim of systematic institutionalised indoctrination like 
most humanists are, telling the truth directly, “in simple words”, will just contribute to 
activate their mental defensive mechanisms which will scare them away. Instead, you 
must articulate yourself through very vague illustrations which almost indirectly will allow 
the individual to ask himself essential questions (also known as mental conditioning or 
anti-indoctrination rhetorical strategies). For examples, see essays published at sites with 
more moderate cultural conservative lines.
Evaluating one example:
Multiculturalism is an anti-European hate ideology used to deconstruct European cultures, 
traditions, identities and national states.  
This statement would be just too brutal and direct for many indoctrinated people and 
would possibly scare them away. There is always room for considering what is the most 
optimal thing to say and what is counter productive. I’ve seen several 10 page essays 
which boils down to the above conclusion, brilliantly written. In many cases, that 10 page 
essay could win a supporter while the small statement could scare them away. It all 
depends on the individual and of course what your goal is. For a large pan-European 
organisation with huge ambitions it would be smart to think long term and tread softly, 
while individuals who are debating 1 on 1 or with a smaller audience will usually use 
more “powerful and direct rhetoric” usually designed to ridicule or undermine rhetorical 
adversaries.
Preserving your reputation shields to achieve maximum penetration/ influence 
towards all target groups
Let’s say you are a spokesman who wants to target various conservative groups (with 
different ideological backgrounds – percentage indicates current potential for 
sympathisers):
1.
Hardcore white supremacists or certain hardcore NS (>5%)
2.
White nationalists – 14 words etc. (>10)
3.
Cultural conservatives (15-30%)
4.
Moderate cultural conservatives (critical to multicult) (30-35)
5.
Pro-multiculturalist conservatives (40-60%)
Different types of rhetorical strategies must be applied to all the above groups. Usually a 
serious political party will use quite moderate cultural conservative rhetoric knowing that 
he will by default win all the more dedicated sympathiser base. 
If you use rhetorical strategies designed for group 5 you will appeal to all the other 
groups etc. However, if you use rhetoric designed for group 3 you will be considered too 
extreme by target group 4. and 5. 
Preserving your reputational shields involves using the correct rhetoric. Which groups 
would you want to reach out to in the future. Think 10 -20 – 30 years ahead. Because 
past choices will be used against you by the cultural Marxist establishment should you 
ever choose to become “more ambitious”.
Sadly, this is not the case with the left wing as Barroso is a clear example of. It is a well 
known fact that he used to be a member of the Portuguese Communist party, yet NO 
media company has ever tried to character assassinate him as they would have done 
with any and all cultural conservative.
Opportunistic political parties or larger organisations may decide to “sell out” their most 
essential principals in order to increase potential support. There are examples of political 
parties in Europe who used to be 2. but who reformed into 5. with the hopes of becoming 
“political relevant”. This can end as a political disaster as that organisation or political 
party is ending up in a situation where they are sensuring themselves to a degree that 
they in fact become irrelevant. This may also upon up the posibilty for new players right 
of them with more credible principles. Some conservative parties have ended up 
supporting multiculturalism which just underlines that they have defeated themselves 
and should no longer be allowed to call themselves conservatives. 
As for target groups to reach out to; forget about cultural Marxists or more hardcore 
Marxists. No matter how good your arguments and documentation is, they have decided 
they do not want to hear the truth. Instead, focus on humanists and naive or ignorant 
people in general – the great bulk of people. THAT is where the potential for support is. 
Use deceptive means when required, the worst and most incompetent debater is ALWAYS 
the most sincere debater. They are swallowed and chewed to bits in seconds and are 
generally vulnerable to character assassination. This is why 95% of all politicians are liars 
or manipulators of truth, they wouldn’t be successful politicians if they weren’t exactly 
that unfortunately. 
Modern politicians tend to use the words: non-Muslim, conservatives, cultural 
conservatives, Christian European, "the indigenous peoples of Europe, or native 
European, or if I absolutely have to - ethnic European when describing "Europeans". 
Some of these words are relatively ”inclusive” and can appeal/reach out to all specters of 
the right wing including the Christian Movements in addition to free market liberals.
Furthermore, it can be smart to limit the use of words like: ethnic groups, but rather 
focus on Islam, non-Islamic, Muslims, non-Muslims. Also, use the term: anti-Islamisation 
instead of anti-immigrant. As for trying to describe a threat, focus on Global Islamic 
Ummah and dhimmitude (yes, some educating into the meaning of some words will have 
to be included). People in general are unfamiliar with many of the ”new words” so certain 
explanatory comments would be required.
The use of a clearly defined "rhetorical strategy" is the essence of success for all 
Conservative politicians, master debaters and leaders. Unfortunately folks older than 40 
tend to blurp up "dirty outdated rhetoric" now and then, while people younger than 40 
are usually more disciplined in regards to rhetorical containment.
Also, I’ve said this before several times. It’s a strategic mistake to use "nationalist" or 
"national" in a political party name - the case with BNP and National Front. There is too 
much stigma attached to the word and many people will subliminously see parallels with 
Nazi Germany.
Furthermore, it can be a strategically smart to use female spokespersons in debates 
involving immigration and Islamisation (topics that for many people traditionally has 
evolved around ”angry, single, white men”
We didn't create these rules, but it’s in our interest to follow them if we want to more 
successfully distribute our messages.
Consider Islam as a decease you can take advantage of. The Islamisation of Europe and 
the ongoing demographic warfare being waged against Europe by the Global Islamic 
Ummah is basically THAT SOMETHING that will bring the cultural conservatives together 
and eventually to power (within 40-70 years). So in the mean time, it’s essential that the 
older generation cultural conservative start adapting to this "new reality" and start 
updating their rhetorical strategies or shut the hell up. 
On a different note, Racial Conservatism is dead and should not IN ANY WAY be linked 
rhetorically to Cultural Conservatism (Racial Conservatism died in WW2). 
Our battle on the other hand involves Cultural Conservatism, our duty and right to resist 
Cultural genocide and Islamic demographic warfare. Cultural Conservatism has NOTHING 
to do with Racial Conservatism. Learn from past mistakes and exercise rhetorical 
containment.
But what about the relevance of the terms “ethnicity” and “race”? 
Ethnicity has always played a significant factor in every single conflict, and I believe it will 
in the future as well whether we like it or not. Just look at Iraq. It’s a text book example 
of ethnic war - Kurds vs. Sunni Arabs vs Persian Shias. Turkey: Turks vs Kurds etc. It’s 
not a secret that ethnicity is closely linked to culture in a majority of countries worldwide. 
In fact, Islam is one of the most racist political ideologies in the world. Usually when a 
society has been 90%+ Islamised the Arabisation process begins with often financial 
support from Saudi and other Arab countries. This is the case in Mauritania and several 
African countries. Systematic "Arabisation" efforts are being ignored by western media 
and academia which on the other hand are blindly obsessed with implementing 
multiculturalism.
In Europe today, where a majority of individuals have been a victim of institutionalised 
multiculturalist indoctrination for several decades it’s essential that we exercise rhetorical 
containment. Not with the intention of appeasing the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists 
but rather with the intention of protecting ourselves from the mine field which is cultural 
conservatism. The cultural Marxists/multiculturalists WANT us to use "flagged" rhetoric as 
it will make it very easy for them to label us as bigots. 
I don’t think individuals who use ”flagged rhetoric” understands the concepts of 
"reputational shields". In fact, I very much doubt they have studied modern right wing 
rhetorical strategies which is extremely important to individuals as well as for political 
parties. It is not the message itself but rather the credibility of the actor who delivers it 
that makes the crucial difference. An individual using "flagged" rhetoric such as "race", 
race war", white people, black people, Jews (in the same sentence as race f example), 
ethnic (in the same sentence as Jews) - are triggering every imaginable mine put up for 
him which in turn will completely obliterate his ”reputational shield” (if he ever had one). 
Therefore he is not only undermining his own efforts, but he risks pushing other 
”moderate conservatives” away. They might distance themselves as it might affect their 
individual "reputational shields" by being affiliated with flagged individuals.

