# 2.78 US and European nationalist rhetorical differences

> 原文页码: 666-668

So even though ethnicity and race still is relevant, it is not in our best interest to talk 
about it. If we do, we are only increasing the risk of destroying our own credibility which 
is lethal for individuals aspiring to reach a large audience (politicians etc). This will 
undermine and limit the impact and distribution of their future messages (which is the 
case with BNP and National Front to a certain degree).
As Muhammad once said: War is Deceit (al-Taqiyya). Many Muslims are masters of 
deceit, and it’s time we start adapting to these realities as well. 
Cultural Communism is one of the most deceitful ideologies out there (next to Islam). It’s 
a deceitful, racist, fascist, hate ideology bent on the eradication of Christianity and 
Western Culture.
Multiculturalism has never been about tolerance. It is an anti-Western hate ideology 
championed as an instrument for unilaterally dismantling European culture. As such, it is 
an evil ideology bent on an entire culture's eradication, and we, the peoples of Europe, 
have not just a right, but a duty to resist it. 
The key is preserving our reputational shields using strategic rhetoric.
National, Nationalist, nationalism?
As for the specific word, "nationalist" or nationalism, it’s debatable. Personally, I feel that 
the word is stained by history, or smeared to oblivion by Marxists, and thus I feel it may 
be counter productive to use it at least for a political party going for the 35% mark, 
although I know that many people will disagree.
End note:
I might be mistaken regarding the above “growth strategy”. An overinflated right wing 
political party, who has sold out most of their principles, might be able to delay a Muslim 
majority for a few decades at best but may end up as completely irrelevant when the 
window of oppurtuntiy arises for a potential political coup in the future as they have 
kicked out all their leaders who had a spine. Under given circumstances, a smaller right 
wing political party with a minimum of “intact principles” against multiculturalism may 
prove to be a lot more relevant when it comes to saving the country. The coup makers 
would not trust a bloated right wing party which by many would be considered a part of 
the problem.
2.78 US and European nationalist rhetorical differences
The ongoing US cultural war is fundamentally different from the European and the 
rhetoric clearly reflects the differences.  
You cannot and should not mix the European struggle with the US struggle and therefore 
should not use similar arguments when discussing the two struggles.  
European patriotism vs. US patriotism
American conservatives in general (anti-Marxists) should learn the following; 
Marxism has two primary components; socialistic economic policies and internationalism 
(multiculturalism/cultural Marxism). You are not a nationalist, not even a conservative by 
its very definition, if you support multiculturalist doctrines. The reason is that 
multiculturalism is anti-nationalistic by design. Multiculturalism is designed to deconstruct 
European traditions, culture, identity and even the nation state in order to create the one 
world Marxist utopia. Many Americans fail to comprehend this fact.
Different challenges
The important difference between the US and Europe is that our issues are quite 
different. We have been flooded with 25-30 million conservative and relatively poorly 
educated Muslims the last 5 decades, by our traitor leaders, while the US are in a quite 
different situation. In relation to the cultural challenges of Europe, Christian immigration 
cannot be compared to Islamic. 
The different challenges are manifested by the use of different rhetorical strategies. 
Europeans have a different basis for justifying our rights and we have slightly different 
concerns. When an American nationalist discuss with a European he will immediately 
bring up race as this factor correlates with the US issues (Mexican immigration, African 
Americans etc). Using this form of rhetoric will cause a majority of Europeans to “run for 
the hills”. The reason is because a great majority of Americans and Europeans have gone 
through decades of multiculturalist indoctrination. Everyone should know this by now and 
should be more considerate when choosing their rhetorical approach, because the most 
essential thing at this point is to continue to build a broad and strong consolidation of 
conservatives. For Europe, this rhetorical approach will for the most part involve cultural 
defence relating to Islam(isation) as it is the only issue at the moment that has the 
potential and potency to unite enough conservatives.
As the primary goal is a broad and realistic consolidation, the discussion of deeper 
aspects of conservatism is counterproductive. At least for Europeans. 
Tactical approach - European vs. white, victimhood vs. supremacy
The average “conservative” in the US is NOT a nationalist (anti-internationalist) but a 
libertarian (republican – pro capitalism and pro multiculturalism). A majority of US 
conservatives have no understanding of the concepts of political nationalism. After all, 
they have no experience with these doctrines and often mistakenly confuse them with 
fascism. Those Americans who are in fact nationalists are almost always ethnocentric and 
are often associated with rhetoric related to “14 words movements”. This represents the 
first major divide as Europeans do not identify themselves as “white” but European. 
“White nationalism” does not exist in Europe. The reason is because Americans have 
been indoctrinated to suppress their European heritage (they don’t generally identify 
themselves using the term European-American) and many have therefore instead 
adopted the term “white”. The 14 words principle: “we must secure the existence of our 
people and a future for white children” reflect the typical US “white nationalist” mentality 
and should never be used by a European individual. The term is indicative of a so called 
“race struggle” and therefore NOT necessarily a struggle for indigenous rights. Europeans 
on the other hand do not fully understand the potency of using rhetoric related to 
“indigenous rights. 
Rhetoric related to “indigenous rights” is an untapped goldmine which has currently been 
deluded and sidetracked due to “rhetorical contamination” from the US. If you use “white 
nationalist” rhetoric you are instantly placed in the same category as Hitler. This is not 
the case with rhetoric related to indigenous rights as this rhetoric is usually related to the 
Aboriginal or Native American struggles. Some of the reason why many nationalists 
reject the “indigenous” argument is because it is generally used by a group who has been 
defeated. Both the Australian aborigines and the Native American forces fought hard for 
their rights but both were utterly annihilated due to the fact that they lived in the Stone 
Age when the Europeans first arrived. Some nationalists thus associate these arguments 
with rhetoric of victimhood and defeat. The maschochistic nature of some nationalists (so 
called white nationalists in particular) turns them off from using this form of rhetoric and 
they instead contribute to defeat themselves by using rhetoric associated with 
supremacy. While I do not condone the “victimhood hype” in any way or form the fact 
remains that playing the victim card is the most potent strategy of our times. Refusing to 
use a logical and pragmatical approach in this regard (due to some primitive need to feed 
individual egos) is counterproductive and highly destructive.
Are we a “Sitting Bull[1][2]” or a Hitler of our time?
The difference between other indigenous rights movements and the European indigenous 
rights movements is that we have not in any way been defeated militarily. The European 
armed indigenous rights movements/resistance movements are just starting to emerge 
and this will continue in the coming decades. The armed fight for our survival lies ahead 
of us. 
The outcome of the Aboriginal and Native American struggle established a crystal clear 
precedence which dictates that the indigenous peoples of a specific territory have 
undisputed exclusive rights in their own lands. If this is the case for Aborigines in 
Australia and Native Americans in the US, shouldn’t that be the case for Europeans in 
Europe as well? The fact that the cultural Marxists, anti-nationalist humanists and 
globalists outright refuse us the same basic human rights prove without a doubt that 
THEY are in fact the racists, that they are the fascists and Nazis of our time. 
Using this type of rhetoric will significantly damage the Marxists moral justification for 
our persecution, the armed forces of the European Resistance Movements. They will have 
a much harder time finding the legal and moral justification for branding us as terrorists 
as we are in fact fighting for our indigenous rights (compared to the Islamic terrorists 
who are fighting for world domination – a global Caliphate based on Sharia law). We are 
no more terrorists than the indigenous Brits who fought against the imperialistic Roman 
invaders, or the Americans who fought against English rule. We are no more terrorists 
than Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse or Chief Gall who fought for their people against the 
imperialist General Armstrong Custer. Our struggle will be a lot easier if European 
nationalist (indigenous rights activists) use smart and defusing arguments instead of 
using supremacist arguments which can be efficiently squashed through psychological 
warfare propaganda or by anti-Nazi policies. Yes, we are fighting the imperialistic Marxist 
doctrines. The only difference is now, WE are the Sitting Bulls, Crazy Horses and Chief 
Galls and the imperialistic Custer’s of our time is called Barroso, Blair, Brown, Merkel and 
Sarkozy.
And who in today’s political climate want to be associated as the persecutor and butcher 
of Sitting Bull and who is fighting for his peoples indigenous rights? The indigenous 
argument is an incredibly potent weapon which more or less is completely untapped. 
Europeans should never use “14 words” rhetoric as it is coined for European Americans. 
It is a self defeating argument, if ever used in Europe, as it automatically places you in 
the same category as Hitler. 
The estimated potential forces of all armed European Resistance Movements is 
approximately 13 million (compared to the defeated Aboriginal force of 5000-10 000 and 
the Native American force of 100 000+). The only difference is that a majority of the 
patriots involved are not willing to fight and die for the cause just yet as long as we live 
in economical prosperity. 

