# 2.79 Educating the European patriots who lacks ideological confidence

> 原文页码: 669-669

The most pragmatical way to move forward is to play the victim card in combination with 
cruel methods of armed resistance. We must literally focus all our efforts at creating an 
optimal environment for recruitment. This can only be done if we manage to cripple all 
Western European economies through financially crippling sabotage operations and 
cynical shock attacks which will devastate the stock markets and severely undermine the 
Euro, causing a favourable climate for recruitment.  This approach is formulated in this 
compendium. 
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_the_Little_Bighorn
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sitting_bull
2.79 Educating the European patriots who lacks ideological confidence
It is extremely important that the cultural conservatives/patriots/nationalists in Europe 
who are ideologically confident take responsibility and educate/encourage the non-
confident nationalists. 
So what is a non-confident nationalist and how do I approach him?
Every ideologically confident nationalist should take note of the following. 
DO NOT make this war about race or ethnicity. You have to keep in mind that most 
people in Western Europe have been systematically indoctrinated for the last 4-5 
decades. So opening liners such as the following is guaranteed to push people away: 
“hail brother, fight by our side in the ongoing race war, we are going to destroy the ZOG 
and kill all the Jews, sieg heil brother!
I consider myself to be quite ideologically confident but had anyone said this to me, I 
would probably run for the hills and ignore any future encounter with that individual. 
Somehow, internal filters against these words are all hardcoded into the base thought 
patterns of a majority of Europeans through decades of multiculturalist indoctrination. 
Statements like that manages to trigger absolutely every red flag and alarm in the 
average European telling him to get the hell out of there. It is essential to understand 
this and that many people would rather commit suicide or live under slavery/harsh 
dhimmitude than to become a Nazi or fight for the Nazi cause. Because today’s Nazism 
isn’t the sum of the individual doctrines of National Socialism! It has rather become a 
massively bloated phenomenon - a reincarnation of pure evil itself. Demonising Nazism 
has through 6 decades of indoctrination (the most unparalleled indoctrination campaign 
witnessed in the history of man) which has developed into an unconscious established 
truth. As such, and due to the actual negative and evil aspects of this ideology, it is 
pointless to try to resurrect it in any way or form. Regardless of this obvious fact, many 
old school nationalists are still using this crap to try to recruit people. 
In order to connect with the ordinary man you must understand that he is a modern man 
who has travelled a several decade long journey through multiculturalist institutions. He 
is completely brainwashed so tread carefully and take the required precautions. You have 
to understand his pain and concerns in his everyday life. The fear of Islamisation is the 
most pressing concern for most Europeans and Islam is NOT a race. So avoid talking 
about race. It is a cultural war, not a race war! If you do believe it is a race war, then 
keep it to yourself as it is un-doubtfully counterproductive to flag those views. 

