# 2.80  3 point guide to convert your right wing blog/site to a newspaper/magazine with national distribution

> 原文页码: 670-672

A cultural conservative is a closet nationalist, who is just using different rhetoric to avoid 
the stigma. It is often a strategic choice. The concept of nationalism appeals to less than 
15-20% while the concept of cultural conservatism has the potential to appeal to as 
much as 35% although there is basically little difference. After all, three decades of 
multiculturalist indoctrination has taught me to adapt to the currently hostile 
environment we are living in. 
Approximately 70% of Western European males would sacrifice their lives to prevent 
Europe from being conquered by Islam while less than 10% would sacrifice their life for 
their race. As such, it isn’t exactly rocket science to foresee which ideology (with given 
rhetorical strategies) will win over the “modern patriot”. 
Waking up enough of our fellow Europeans will take several decades. Do not expect him 
to accept and embrace the light immediately; especially when we are fully aware of that 
he has been thought to avoid the light.   
2.80  3 point guide to convert your right wing blog/site to a 
newspaper/magazine with national distribution  
I’ve spoken to numerous successful and less successful right wing blog/news-
site/Facebook “reporters” over the years and the general opinion seems to be that the 
creation and distribution of a paper-magazine/newspaper is so incredibly difficult and 
problematic. I can honestly not understand why people feel this way. This is why I will 
present a 3 step guide to how you and anyone can take the step from internet 
distribution to paper distribution with national coverage. This is not as hard as people 
might think it is. Also, many people will argue: “paper distribution is dead, internet is the 
future!” While this certainly seems to be the direction we are headed you cannot and 
should not underestimate/ignore paper distribution yet. Creating a “paper” presence will 
be essential to reach a greater number of European patriots.  
Illustration case example: Document.no 
Document.no is a Norwegian right wing blog/site equivalent in content to 
BrusselsJournal.com, GatesOfVienna.blogspot.com, JihadWatch.org or 
AtlasShrugs2000.typepad.com
Current distribution in Norway: 9000 unique weekly hits and growing
Content: The site is relatively “academically heavy” compared to the tabloids but the 
content is excellently written. Approximately 60% are news articles/essays translated 
from other sites while 40% are essays/stories written by the editors, primarily critique of 
multiculturalism and the multiculturalist elites of Norway/Western Europe.
Staff: Run voluntarily (unpaid) by 1-2 people. 
Finances: currently funded by the owners/staff and by small contributions from the 
readers.
Paper distribution goal
Annual editions: 12 annual issues
Total distribution/production: 5000 copies
Price for subscribers: 5 Euros
Price in store: 10 Euros (5 Euros profit for store)
Initial distribution goal/method: I believe that a blog with 9000 weekly unique hits 
should be able to convert this base to at least 500-1000 initial subscribers. The initial 
goal for national coverage through stores/kiosks should be 2000-4000. The total number 
of printed copies would be aprox. 5000.
1.
Planning phase; prepare for an initial production of 12 annual editions. It is wise to start of 
slowly with a magazine (monthly edition) and slowly build up your base until you are in a 
position where you can create a “5 times per week – newspaper”. Total price will be 10 
Euros per magazine whereas 5 Euros will be the cut to the seller (the kiosk/store selling it). 
You will split the distribution into: 1: Subscription (5 Euros per copy), 2: Sold at 
stores/kiosks (10 Euros per copy).
2.
Convert 500-1000 unique readers into paying subscribers. This can be done through “in 
house” sales methods on the blog/site. Before you initiate your “in house sales campaign” I 
would recommend that you create a graphical illustration of the front page (jpg) of the first 
paper edition of the magazine to show people what they can expect (with perhaps a small 
appendix)
3.
When the site/blog-owner has managed to acquire a minimum of subscribers (aprox 500-
1000 minimum), they may finally contact the “director of distribution” in your countries 
leading retail corporation(s) (the corporation that owns a majority of kiosks/small stores 
and evaluates which magazines they shall sell). Set up a meeting with him, bring a laptop 
and a nice PowerPoint presentation and present the editorial content and argue why it will 
be profitable for his company to allow your magazine to be distributed from their 
stores/kiosks. Add a graphical illustration of your first magazine to your PowerPoint 
presentation. You must present credible arguments especially from a business point of 
view. You should, however, also be prepared to defend the this conservative concept from a 
moral and democratical point of view. Larger countries such as the UK, France and 
Germany) will have several corporations like this so you will have to set up meetings with 
several of these directors. Under normal circumstances, and providing your presentation is 
good, your magazine will be given a “test period”, where the “sales numbers” will be the 
deciding factor. End note: definition of hate speech -  f example racist magazines will not 
be accepted but moderate magazines, such as magazines critical of multiculturalism, 
Islamisation, pro-culture etc. should be able to be accepted unless the director in question 
is a dedicated left winger. Create an initial/intentional distribution agreement; f example 
that you are allowed to sell your magazines from 500 stores/kiosks over a 3 month test 
period.
4.
A monthly edited PDF file with articles/essays is to be prepared and sent by email to a 
commercial publication partner such as www.07.no. A company such as the “07 Group” is a 
wide range “publication partner” which can handle the following tasks:
Edit/design the initial PDF file template if necessary and edit/prepare it for print. If the 
staff/editors/journalists at the blogsite lacks basic PDF editing skills the publishing company 
can handle everything from design, editing, adding/creating graphics and extra text and 
they can even design a basic template for you. The end result will often be a template 
where the editor can just fill in content. Companies such as the 07 Group will then print the 
finished PDF file in the desired magazine format. In our case, this will be a standard 
magazine format with typically glossy front/back page and put together by two staples. 
The publishing company will then apply addresses and send out the 500-1000 completed 
issues to your subscribers. They will then truck a shipment of 4000 magazines  to the 
distribution central of the store/kiosk corporation.
5.
As soon as the above is done, you may formalise (at this point you should already know 
how much you are going to pay) your agreement with the publishing company. The only 
thing to keep in mind is to follow point 1 to 4.
A sea of content available online ready to be distributed via paper
You do not have to be a writer genius to become an editor of a conservative 
newspaper/magazine. There is a vast ocean of well written stories, essays etc. critical of 
multiculturalism and in support the conservative view that has never been published by 
the MSM. There are probably more than 20-30 internet based right wing blog-news-sites 
which will gladly offer to forward their essays/stories to you as long as you credit them as 
the author. As such, anyone who wants to start their own 
English/French/German/Spanish speaking etc. conservative newspaper/magazine could 
easily gain access to a vast database of stories and articles presently unpublished in 
paper format and you would therefore not need to hire any journalists/reporters. 
Costs related to paper distribution
I have acquired a price estimate from the largest all-in-one publishing companies in Oslo: 
07 Group. Since the general price level in Norway is quite expensive I would assume that 
this would be even cheaper in other countries.
Distribution/copies: 5000
Format: 19,5x27,5 cm (standard magazine format)
Pages: 96
Press: 4/4 CMYK
Paper: 90g arctic volume white H or equivalent
Assembled: two metal staples (back-stapled)
Address printing on copies: 500 separate addresses printed on each copy from 
subscriber database
Packaging: freely on palette
Price for 5 000 copies: 4482 Euro (without sales tax)
Price per copy: 0,9 Euro (without sales tax)
Price per additional 1000 copies: 481 Euro
The price is based on the following:
Material: The publishing company receive a PDF file from the blog/news site. The final 
file may be reviewed by the company before print.
End note: realistically, it is likely that at least 50% of publications attempting to go from 
the internet into paper format will fail, due to politically motivated sabotage or refusal 
from the distributor (after pressure from local or national government or other political 
left wing pressure groups. However, seeking national distributions for publications critical 
of multiculturalism should be a prioritised task and we owe it to everyone to do our best 
in this process. As of now, there are no cultural conservative paper publication in Norway, 
Sweden and several Western European countries. As for Denmark; BT and Jyllands 
Posten are considered somewhat remotely conservative.

