# 3.100 Solutions for South Africa, Israel and the US

> 原文页码: 1210-1232

3.100 Solutions for South Africa, Israel and the US
Is ethnocentrism and the defence of your culture an evil concept by default or can it 
prevent persecution and a gradual cultural and demographical genocide?
I hesitated for several years to write about the South African genocide due to the fear of 
being labelled as a racist. However, as I became increasingly ideological confident I have 
grown immune to the cultural Marxist labelling techniques. The Boers and Afrikaners 
have played and instrumental role in the development of South Africa the last centuries, 
and for these and other reasons they deserve a safe future for their children in South 
Africa, and not genocide. 
As for the situation in the US, I created several essays about this topic (US cultural 
Marxism and future solutions for our American brothers). However, I chose not to include 
it as I believe the American and European struggle should be kept strictly separate for 
strategic reasons and should therefore not be intertwined. There are simply too many 
differences. In fact, the Indian struggle and the struggle of Christian minorities in the 
Middle East are more identical to the European struggle than that of the US due to the 
“indigenous factor”. This does not in any way mean that I do not support our European 
American brothers and sister, it simply means that I believe that our two ideological 
platforms, in which we will build our resistance movements, must be kept separated. The 
exception is however South Africa, since the Boers and Afrikaners are at a huge 
disadvantage and will be demographically annihilated within just a few decades unless 
they receive our support. 
It’s difficult to completely avoid the issues relating to ethnocentrism in today’s cultural 
war whether we would like to or not. 
In these illustrations I will cover some aspects of ethnocentrism, cultural defence, 
defence against Jihad, security fences and its relevance to the current situation in South 
Africa, the US,  Israel and elsewhere.
I would first like to say that I view the propagation and justification of supremacist 
ethnocentrism as an evil that must and should never be the ultimate long term goal. 
However, we cannot ignore logic and pragmatism especially when the lack of 
methods/doctrines involving ethnocentricity and “separation” leads to even bigger evils 
such as systematic rape, mass killings and even indirect cultural and demographic 
genocide. We must therefore keep an open mind when we evaluate these issues and we 
cannot allow political correctness paralyze the debate. Because by allowing political 
correctness to paralyze and silence the individuals who brings these difficult issues up will 
in fact further contribute to the magnitude of these ongoing atrocities and genocides. 
1.
The European Afrikaner/Boer genocide in South Africa
2.
The Israeli security fence and other security barriers
3.
The demographical annihilation of the European population in the US due to Asian, Mexican 
and African mass immigration
1. The European Afrikaner/Boer genocide in South Africa
The systematic genocide of Europeans in South Africa is usually referred to as the 
Afrikaner genocide.
WHAT IS GENOCIDE? The term "genocide" was coined by legal scholar Raphael Lemkin in 
1943, writing:
“Generally speaking, genocide does not necessarily mean the immediate destruction of a 
nation, except when accomplished by mass killings of all members of a nation.”
It is intended rather to signify a coordinated plan of different actions aiming at the 
destruction of essential foundations of the life of national groups, with the aim of 
annihilating the groups themselves.
The objectives of such a plan would be the disintegration of the political and social 
institutions, of culture, language, national feelings, religion, and the economic existence 
of national groups, and the destruction of personal security, liberty, health, dignity and 
lives of the members of such groups
The following sources document that there are more than 3050 documented murders of 
European Afrikaners in South Africa. This indicates that the official/undocumented figure 
is significantly higher probably above 10 000 since Nelson Mandelas ANC seized power a 
couple of decades ago. Furthermore; ‘hundreds of young black males torture to death 
about 100 white farmers a year in South Africa. 
White farm families and smallholders on the South African ‘platteland’ have been 
terrorised for years by violent attacks. Farmers union Agri=SA, which represents about 
90 percent of the 45,000 commercial white farmers, estimates an average of 750 to 800 
farm attacks a year during which about 100 people are murdered. 
“Some Afrikaner groups refer to this as a ‘white genocide’ but Agri-SA does not want to 
go that far, claiming instead that farmers and smallholders are ‘soft targets,’ writes 
Trouw, quoting André Botha, who heads the organisation’s security department, as 
repeating the same old ANC-saw, namely that:  “Farmers live in remote areas and usually 
have guns, money and cars. Attackers know that it takes a long time on these rural 
farms before police arrives after an emergency call.”
Trouw quotes the University of Pretoria’s 2008 investigation of 37 convicted farm-
murderers, noting that on average, each one of them had carried out an average of 105 
violent crimes before they were even caught. And police statistics overall show that from 
all the reported crimes, only 12 percent ever end up in a conviction.
How many European Afrikaner/Boer women are raped annually is unknown. It’s most 
likely totalling more than 10 000 rapes per year. 
As a result of these anti-European atrocities an increasing number of European 
Afrikaner/Boers are simply giving up and seeking asylum and refuge in Europe, Canada, 
Australia and the US.  
Many people will claim that the apartheid policies were in place to prevent such atrocities 
and the ongoing genocide. The same people will also say that now when the apartheid 
policies have been abolished it has developed an atmosphere where it is literally a free 
for all murder and rape fest. If you want to join this rape and kill fest, you better hurry 
up; because soon, there won’t be any Europeans left to rape and kill. Here is a 
demographical overview indicating South Africa’s direction: 
Demographical development in South Africa
Year
Euro - Afrikaner/Boer
Africans (S. Afr + immi)
1985
6 million
22 million
2000
5 million
33 million
2010
4 million
44 million
2020
3 million
55 million
2030
2 million
66 million
2040
1 million
77 million
2050
>200 000
88 million
We can see the similar pattern of indirect ethnic cleansing in Zimbabwe/Rhodesia
Demographical development in Zimbabwe/Rhodesia[2]:
Year
European - Afrikaner
Africans
1975
300 000
N/A
1999
120 000
N/A
2002
50 000
N/A
2010
30 000
12,5 million
A majority fled from persecution to the UK, South Africa, Botswana, Zambia, Canada, 
Australia and New Zealand.
By the year 2050 the genocide of European Afrikaner/Boers will be almost complete and 
South Africa will at this point most likely resemble the average of African Nations, 
plagued by corruption, civil war and endless poverty and hopelessness. 
The current 4-million combined Afrikaner/Boer and other ‘white’ minorities pay 40% of all 
the country’s rates and taxes but make out only 8% of the country’s population. What do 
you think will happen to South Africa when all the Afrikaners/Boers have been killed or 
fled the country? South Africa will end up as all other African nations.
Jesus Mandela Christ – liberator or annihilator of South Africa?
The South African history we learn in our schools and from the media is nothing more 
than propaganda and lies. We learn that Nelson Mandela was arrested for criticising the 
apartheid regime. 
What we don’t learn is that Mandela used to be a terrorist leader and gave personal 
orders to execute a bombing attack against the old apartheid regime. This is the reason 
why he was arrested in the first place. 
Nelson Mandela’s Guerrilla activities
In 1961, Mandela became the leader of the ANC's armed wing, Umkhonto we Sizwe 
(translated as Spear of the Nation, also abbreviated as MK), which he co-founded. He 
coordinated a sabotage campaign against military and government targets, and made plans 
for a possible guerrilla war if sabotage failed to end apartheid. A few decades later, MK did 
wage a guerrilla war against the regime, especially during the 1980s, in which many 
civilians were killed. Mandela also raised funds for MK abroad, and arranged for 
paramilitary training, visiting various African governments.
Currently, South Africa is rapidly turning into an ungovernable anarchy due to cultural 
Marxist ANC rule. According to verifiable sources [1] more than 3085 European-Africans 
or so called Afrikaners/Boers have been killed since the ANC seized power in what is 
developing into a genocide of Europeans. 3085 confirmed murders means that the un-
official number is likely around 10 000 murdered Europeans in Africa. Reports also 
indicate that European-African women are being raped and persecuted in other ways. 
The black Africans have since the ANC resumed power doubled their population from 22 
to 44 million (through liberal immigration and higher birth rates) while the European 
Africans have experienced horrendous atrocities resulting in the ongoing mass exodus we 
see today. All this because Nelson Mandela and the cultural Marxist regime of the ANC.
At least humanists and Marxist in Europe can sleep well at night knowing that apartheid 
is gone. Because after all, it’s better that every South African suffers and loses hope in 
the future than keeping in place discriminating policies right?
I consider both the former apartheid policies and the current situation as intolerable 
scenarios. However, considering the fact that I am a creature of logic and pragmatism the 
lesser evil is always the best alternative which is why we know should be done. The 
apartheid system was put in place to regulate the multicultural society and manifested 
itself through what would resemble the salad bowl that is Los Angeles with segregated 
communities. The difference is that the Europeans treated the Africans as second class 
citizens. Instead of attempting to co-exist within the borders of the same nation they 
should have just divided the country in half to begin with. The apartheid system was a 
racist multicultural system and should not be copied. Instead a policy of “Balkanisation” 
must be sought where the country is divided in two or more parts and given their own 
sovereignty.  
Splitting the country in two does not in any way constitute apartheid (the ideology) but 
rather the creation of two sovereign nations. If this is not done as soon as possible the 
alternative will result in the finalisation of the European cultural and demographical 
genocide. As such, it is our moral duty to implement such policies; for the simple fact 
that it would be immoral not to. 
This is an incredibly difficult choice as it goes against everything we have been taught 
under the European multicultural systems. However, we can’t ignore logic. Offending 
people is in a whole different league than indirectly allowing genocide. It is a lesser evil 
to be contributing to separation than it is to facilitate and contribute to large scale 
murders, systematical rapes and even genocide. When you are faced with two “evil” 
outcomes it is our duty to choose, support and implement the lesser of those two evils.
Solutions for South Africa
Divide the country in to two sovereign nations; one European nation and one African. 
This should be facilitated by the future European Federation as the current Boer/Afrikaner 
people are in no shape to administrate or ensure that this split is effectuated properly. 
The split should be based on historical significance of factors relating to development of 
the nation and should therefore be no less than 40% (Afrikaner/Boer/European)/60% 
African. The racist apartheid ideology should never be used again. Instead, the 
Afrikaner/Boer can (if they need the extra labour) issue 6 or 12 months work permits for 
specific sectors following the model illustrated in another chapter of this compendium. A 
security fence should separate the newly founded nations to prevent illegal immigration 
and potential attacks. 
A future European Federation must play an instrumental part in creation of these two 
nations. 
See other documentation and sources here:
http://afrikaner-genocide-achives.blogspot.com/
Picture albums of murdered Afrikaners and Boers (2008-2010):
http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=2040597&id=1026941238&saved#/album.php?
aid=2040597&id=1026941238
Initials from A to B: http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the
%20Boer%20Kill%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20A%20-%20B
B to J: http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer%20Kill
%20the%20Farmer%202008%20victims%20A%20-%20J
C to F http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer%20Kill
%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20C%20-%20F
G to J: http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/brwse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer%20Kill
%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20G%20-%20J
K to S: http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer%20kill
%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20K%20-%20S
N to O: http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer
%20kill%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20N%20-%20O
P to R: http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer%20kill
%20the%20farmer%202009%20victims%20P%20-%20R
Q to Z -1 http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer
%20Kill%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20Q%20-%20Z
Q to Z -2 http://cid-b6b44a5376348175.skydrive.live.com/browse.aspx/Kill%20the%20Boer
%20kill%20the%20Farmer%202009%20victims%20S%20-%20Z
Source:
1. http://sarahmaidofalbion.blogspot.com/
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zimbabwe
Quarterly Digest Of Statistics, Zimbabwe Printing and Stationery Office, 1999.
Other sources:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apartheid
2. The Israeli security fence and other security barriers
While most people refer to Israel's security fence as a "wall", the fact remains that less 
than 5 percent of the barrier is actually concrete slab. The rest is a network of fence and 
sensors. The fence has cut terrorism incidents by more than 90% since its completion. 
What was the reason for establishing the Security Fence Area? 
  
The Security Fence is being built with the sole purpose of saving the lives of the Israeli 
citizens who continue to be targeted by the terrorist campaign that began in 2000. The 
fact that over 800 men, women and children have been killed in horrific suicide bombings 
and other terror attacks clearly justifies the attempt to place a physical barrier in the 
path of terrorists. It should be noted that terrorism has been defined throughout the 
international community as a crime against humanity. As such, the State of Israel not 
only has the right but also the obligation to do everything in its power to lessen the 
impact and scope of terrorism on the citizens of Israel. As such, the creation of the 
Security Fence was created in accordance with security and humanitarian concerns. 
Israel has not just a right but a duty to defend its citizens.
Is the fence effective?
Between Israel and the areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority there is no natural or 
man made barrier. This enables the almost unhindered entry of Palestinian terrorists into 
Israel. During the last three years, 117 Palestinian terrorists took advantage of it, 
entered into Israel and in the act of blowing themselves up murdered 477 people - Jews, 
Arabs and Christians and wounded thousands others. In contrast, the security fence 
between Israel and the Gaza Strip that has existed since 1996 has proven its 
effectiveness and the vast majority of terrorist attempts have been discovered and 
thwarted.
The first stage of the Security Fence (from Salem to Elkana) which has been operational 
since July 2003, is already proving itself as an effective defensive deterrent which 
prevents the repeated attempts to enter Israel and carry out terror attacks.
Members of Palestinian terror infrastructure caught and questioned disclosed the fact that 
the existence of the Security Fence in the Samaria area forces them to find of other 
means to perform terror attacks since their previous entry to Israel is blocked.
Conclusion:
The physical separation (apartheid) of the Israelis and the Muslims works as intended. 
The Islamic terrorist attacks have been reduced by 90% since the creation of the physical 
barrier.  
The Indian security fence[1]
The concept of building security fences between groups of people is not limited to Israel. 
In 1989, the Indian government, frustrated at the continued infiltration of terrorists from 
Pakistan, constructed a security barrier along the frontier in the states of Punjab and 
Rajasthan. The barrier worked and infiltration subsided. Five years later, India sought to 
extend the barrier 620 miles through Jammu and Kashmir. The Pakistani government's 
reaction to India's barrier-building was harsh. Islamabad accused India of violating both 
the U.N. charter and the two countries' cease fire agreement. In July 2003, Pakistani 
military spokesman, Shaukat Sultan, made several threats. 
But the Indian government ignored these threats, citing its right to defend itself against 
terrorism. After all, since 1989 more than 40,000 people have perished in Jammu and 
Kashmir in terrorism and insurgency-related violence. And, just as Israel has found its 
barrier to be a successful deterrent, so, too, has India. According to the chief-of-staff of 
the Indian army, Nirmal Chand Vij, the number of terrorists inside Jammu and Kashmir 
plummeted almost 50 percent in the year after the barrier's construction. The fence 
stopped almost 90 percent of infiltration attempts. India's vote against Israel's West Bank 
barrier may have undermined its own position, a fact that was not lost on at least one 
Pakistani senator. In a July debate in the Pakistani senate, Ishaq Dar suggested that 
Islamabad parlay the ICJ ruling into a move to condemn India's fence construction along 
its line-of-control.
Conclusion:
The physical separation (apartheid) of the Indians and the Pakistani Muslims works as 
intended. The Islamic terrorist attacks have been reduced significantly since the creation 
of this physical barrier.  
The Saudi security fence[1]
The kingdom of Saudi Arabia, one of Israel's most vociferous critics in the Middle East 
and a staunch financial supporter of groups such as Hamas, has also constructed a 
border fence on disputed land. Saudi Arabia and Yemen have disputed their border for 
more than seventy years. Both countries dispute the demarcation laid out in the 1934 
Taif treaty, and today, almost 1,000 miles of desert and mountains remain undefined. 
While both countries may initially have been content to live with the status quo, that 
changed with the 1990 discovery of oil in the disputed zone. The Saudi government 
moved to build a "military city" near the disputed border. Violence occasionally flared. In 
November 1997, for example, after a Yemeni soldier lowered a Saudi flag in the disputed 
area of Qarqa'i, several Saudi and Yemeni soldiers died in an exchange of fire. Another 
bloody clash took place in January 2000 when Saudi troops occupied Jabal Jahfan, a 
mountain long controlled by Yemen. A June 2000 attempt to resolve the dispute failed. 
While both Saudi and Yemeni leaders signed the resulting Jeddah treaty, the text left 
unresolved large tracts of the border.
Violence erupted in 2002. In the Saudi border town of Jizan, Saudi border guards 
confronted Islamists smuggling weapons from Yemen. Thirty-six Saudi soldiers died in 
the ensuing fire fight. Following additional violence along the border, the kingdom 
decided unilaterally to build a security barrier along their border with Yemen. Saudi 
officials claimed that this barrier would stem the weapons flow and almost daily attempts 
at infiltration by Islamist insurgents from Yemen. Talal Anqawi, the head of Saudi Arabia's 
border guards, dismissed any parallels to Israel's security barrier, telling the Arabic daily 
Asharq al-Awsat,
“What is being constructed inside our borders with Yemen is a sort of a screen … which 
aims to prevent infiltration and smuggling … it does not resemble a wall in any way.”
If Anqawi sought to create a litmus test for the permissibility of barriers, he failed. While 
the ICJ referred to Israel's security fence as a "wall" throughout its decision, less than 5 
percent of the barrier is actually concrete slab. The rest is a network of fence and 
sensors. While the Saudi government presses the U.N. to sanction Israel to force 
compliance with the ICJ decision, the kingdom, through its own actions and statements, 
has actually created a precedent for Israel. Saudi statements labeling Israel's security 
barrier an "internationally wrongful act" and demanding its "destruction," illustrate the 
hypocrisy of both the Saudi and ICJ positions.
Note: Also see apartheid/security fences and population exchanges in Turkey (between 
Turkey and Syria), Cyprus (between Muslims and Christians), Morocco (between Morocco 
and Western Sahara) and in Northern Ireland[1]. 
Good Fences Make Good Neighbours
Israel's fence exists to prevent deadly attacks on Israeli citizens. The Belfast peace lines 
exist to prevent large-scale intercommunal disorders … but a barrier is a barrier, 
whatever its name … their [British and Israeli] policies towards the nationalist areas of 
Belfast and the Palestinian areas of the Holy Land have one thing in common … to 
provide security."
When the ICJ ruled on July 9 that Israel's security barrier was illegal, it based its 
decisions exclusively on interpretation of international humanitarian law. Fourteen of the 
fifteen judges ruled that Israel should raze its barrier. The one dissenting justice, Thomas 
Buergenthal, was American. He argued that the court failed to consider all relevant facts. 
He wrote, "The nature of these cross-Green Line attacks and their impact on Israel and 
its population are never really seriously examined by the court." While the ICJ claimed 
that Israel could not invoke "the right of legitimate or inherent self-defence," Buergenthal 
disagreed. After all, in resolutions 1368 and 1373, the U.N. Security Council reaffirmed 
the right to combat terrorism without limitation to "state actors only."
And there is little doubt that the security barriers work. Suicide attacks in Israel declined 
75 percent in the first six months of 2004 compared to an equivalent period in 2003. The 
Israeli government is not alone in this conclusion. Many of the most vocal critics of 
Israel's security barrier have employed the same defence. Their immunity from ICJ and 
U.N. criticism illustrates both the politicisation of the International Court of Justice and 
the inherent bias of the United Nations. U.N. secretary general Kofi Annan's criticism of 
Israel's security barrier, especially when juxtaposed with his silence regarding the 
region's other security barriers, illustrates the double standard.
Perhaps the greatest tragedy of the ICJ decision, however, is that it creates a precedent 
that allows terrorism to trump security. Israel will not be the only victim. The Turkish 
government, which vociferously condemned Israel, unwittingly undermined its own 
security with regard to Syria. Some Pakistani politicians already seek to use the ICJ's 
decision on Israel to undermine India's self-defence. While separate peace processes 
proceed in Cyprus, Western Sahara, and Northern Ireland, it was the dampening of 
terrorism made possible by the security barriers that allowed the space for diplomats to 
resume negotiations. On a number of levels, the ICJ decision was a ruling against peace 
and security, not only in Israel but also across the region and elsewhere.
Sources:
1. http://www.meforum.org/652/is-israels-security-barrier-unique
3. The demographical annihilation of the European population in the US due to 
Asian, Mexican and African mass immigration (ROUGH DRAFT)
In the early 1980s the US was considered a Christian and European nation. In fact, it was 
considered the most powerful European nation. Today, the US is in a rapid state of 
disintegration fuelled by mass immigration and the doctrines of multiculturalism/cultural 
relativism. 
So what happened exactly and when did it happen?
The story is quite similar to Europe. The Marxists, through applying the doctrines of the 
Frankfurt school, disguised their ideology and were perceived as “cultural Marxists”, 
humanists and liberals. Just like in Europe, they gradually contributed to transform to the 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist bastion it is today. Most of the methods used are covered 
already but I will include a few factors not yet mentioned. 
The day when the Democrats and Republicans decided that America should no 
longer be a Christian and a European country
“Happy holidays” and “season greetings” you say? What happened to “Merry Christmas”?
Traditionally, the only holidays included in the "season" were Christmas Eve, Christmas 
Day, Boxing Day (in some countries), New Year's Eve, New Year's Day and Three Kings 
Day. But apparently the US political parties have expanded this term quite recently. Did 
they ask the American people if they wanted this or did they implement this in an 
undemocratic manner?
Now, thanksgiving, Christmas, Yule, Channukah, Boxing Day, Kwanzaa, and occasionally 
Ramadan or the Eid depending on the Islamic calendar, to name a few are considered 
equal to Christmas in the US. Because, suddenly the US didn’t have a state religion. You 
see, the Democrats and Republicans decided on behalf of all US citizens that the US 
should no longer a European and Christian country. Instead, they decided, through a 
multitude of undemocratically implemented bills, that they should create a non-European 
multicultural nation without a united cultural identity. The people were never allowed to 
have their say. 
Demographical development of the US – Europeans vs. non Europeans
This article is not yet complete. 
Under construction – not edited 
3.101 The cultural Marxist war against God and the Church in Western Europe 
leads to spiritually bankrupt countries lacking civilizational goals (UNDER 
CONSTRUCTION AND NOT EDITED, feel free to complete this essay)
The greatest achievement in humanity was the moon landing, achieved by our European-
American brethren. Since then, cultural Marxism has risen, infiltrated and ravaged both 
Western Europe and the US. The mass-democracy model of Western Europe has become 
the norm in the Western world, which has cultivated the principle of mediocrity instead of 
continuing to pursue excellence. 
Marxism is somewhat as crippling as Islam on a civilization so I do not expect we will see 
a change in direction until we, the conservative visionaries, have seized military and 
political control.  Spiritually bankrupt nations without civilizational visions are nothing 
more than devastated wastelands of meaningless noise and excessive consumerism, 
which alone, has no way of satisfying the individuals longing for something greater than 
the feeding of his or her ego. The cultural Marxist elites of Western Europe will never 
admit to these facts and they will say that they are in fact allowing Church communities 
to operate freely. But what kind of Church survived decades of Marxist assault? Firstly, 
the forced ordination of female priests ravaged the very fundament of the Church, which 
planted enough Trojans for the European Church to be ridden by internal reforms leading 
to the Church we see today. The European Labour Church is now completely stripped of 
any and all influence and has been molded to suit the Marxist agenda. Especially the 
Protestant Church has been molded into becoming its very own cyanide pill. 
The first assault was reforms which involved the forceful ordination of women as priests 
and bishops. As we all know, women’s emotionally unstable nature quickly lead to the 
propagation of gay marriage, the ordination of gay priests, ignoring chastity, ignoring 
peoples duties in relation to procreation, the support for mass-Muslim immigration and 
even the inter-religious dialogue with the Muslim community. This dialogue is in fact no 
more than a formal discussion for the terms of total surrender. The divine architecture, 
richly decorated with sculptures of our most famous and beloved champions and martyrs 
of the church (who fought past Crusades against Jihadi invasions) has been replaced with 
the Marxist style red-bricked bunker style churches, which has as much appeal as a 
public toilet. The divine interior of our beloved churches has been stripped of everything 
dignifying and replaced with empty concrete walls with perhaps one single abstract 
mosaic of something that may or may not resemble a cross.   
Celebration of Christmas and Easter is now considered offensive to Muslims so it is now 
inappropriate to actually say; Merry Christmas. Instead we must say; Happy holidays…
And people still doesn’t get it? It can’t be said clearer than this; the Western European 
cultural Marxist regimes want you to abandon God and the Church. Perhaps you should 
take the hint already. Because as soon as you acknowledge that there is a very real war 
being waged by the Marxists through their deliberate objective of completely 
deconstruction the European Church, the sooner you can rush to its defense. 
Currently, we are embroiled in a bitter spiritual war that will inevitably lead to a physical 
one.
Such vitriol always ends up leading to violence, whether it is a genocidal slaughter, or a 
civil war – the spiritual war transcends to the physical plane, and God’s people are once 
again embroiled in a bloody battle.
Western Europe – a third world region when it comes to spirituality and 
civilizational goals
The spiritually bankrupt Western European nations result in psychologically unstable 
individuals, many which are stripped of moral and decency. This, almost anarchist 
behavior, often leads to “excessive whoring around” and results in a large range of 
negative effects for the individual and for society; venereal deceases, sterility, astronomic 
costs to society, drug abuse, high suicide rates. These plagues, which in part is a direct 
result of the Marxists successful deconstruction of the Church and its authority costs the 
Western European countries two to three times as much as our military budgets – 
possibly significantly more.
And how many millions are either dead or have become zombies (drug addicts) as a 
result of the Marxist war against God and the Church? Some would say thousands, but I 
would claim that it is millions. An extreme Marxist or egalitarian society has a tendency 
to treat individuals as clients (a process known as clientification) instead of producing 
independent “winners”. This is apparent in especially Western Europe but not so much so 
in the US.
The book “Prozak Nation” illustrates quite well that the cultural Marxist model is failing 
miserably and is leading to millions of people with psychological problems and tens of 
thousands of suicides. Instead of propagating clear goals for our civilization with specific 
obligations to the citizen there is no official recommended course of action for our 
existence. This clear civilizational vision must be re-established as an alternative to 
meaningless and limitless consumerism which has no other purpose for individuals than 
feeding their own ego. Excessive consumerism, drug abuse and sex abuse can never 
satisfy the peoples longing for believing in something greater than simply living to feed 
their own ego. Whether this vacuum is filled by nationalist principles; pride in your nation 
and people – a common enemy: the Ummah, or through the Church, the solutions lie 
within conservative principles and values. We must re-affirm our intentions of 
commitment against global Jihad, until our own and our allies borders are secured. The 
only pragmatical approach to this is mass-deportations because the only other alternative 
is genocide. 
Europe is now a third world country in regards to spirituality and civilizational goals. We 
need to bring back a crystal clear vision and goal for our existence whether it is a formal 
embracing of research and development, nationalist principles or the former intertwined 
with spirituality under a permanent Christian cultural framework.
And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was death, 
and Hell followed with him.
Revelations 6:8
The cultural Marxist bourgeois experiment will end as catastrophically as Stalin’s social 
experiments. The difference is that this time, we will not only be bankrupt and suffer 50 
million casualties. This time we have the added risk of being enslaved under a brutal and 
retarding Sharia reign.
3.102 USA – a dying European Empire: lack of monoculturalism/ethnocentrism 
results in a breakdown of social cohesion – the objectives of the Conservative 
Revolutionary Movements (UNDER CONSTRUCTION AND NOT EDITED, feel free 
to complete this essay)
We are all familiar with the Marxist utopian dream. They want to create a utopia where 
everyone lives peacefully together in despite of ethnic, ideological, religious and cultural 
factors. Unfortunately, this has already been tried, through Stalin’s forces deportation 
and “integration programs” resulting in tens of millions of casualties. He did everything 
he could to create the “universal egalitarian Soviet citizen”. They failed because one can 
never succeed in a war against nature itself. Today’s Western bourgeois multiculturalists 
will fail again with equally disastrous results; unless stopped, these individuals will 
transform functional homogenous and harmonious European countries into failed states 
with eternal ethnic, religious and ideological conflict, similar to Afghanistan and the 
Balkans of today. In fact, you can actually measure the retardation level of each failed 
state through reviewing the number of “competing cultures” in each one. Judging from 
the multiculturalist argument; “the more diversity the more prosperity”, Afghanistan 
(with its 100 different ethnic groups) should be ranked as the most diverse and thus 
most successful country in the world. But despite of Marxist theory, the opposite always 
ends up as being the reality. Afghanistan is a hell on earth. Historical examples show us 
that incompatible cultures do not mix. 
The fall of the USA will occur by 2030 – the US is dying and will never recover, 
unless…
The European “new world” referred to as the USA, today, initially succeeded because 
European Christian cultures are compatible due to their shared history, values, principles 
and heritage.  
To assume that millions and Asian and African immigrants, in addition to existing non-
European minorities, can be assimilated with this homogenous European Christian culture 
is a mistake of civilizational proportions and attempting such should be categorized as a 
genocidal war crime. As the Asian/African immigration to the US accelerates, the level of 
social cohesion rapidly declines and deteriorates, which will eventually cause the 
economical system to crash, never to recover to its former highs. The only thing that can 
solve problems of this magnitude is a coup d’état initiated by conservatives. A swift coup 
d’état is after all preferable to a long term civil war. Regardless of the method, the 
outcome will be a re-establishment/re-formation of the European Christian country that 
is the US. 
The fall, or more specifically the partition, of the US is imminent and will occur within 
2025 at the earliest. The primary reason for this implosion is that the US won the 
economical cold war but lost the cultural cold war due to weak leadership. McCarthy was 
a strong, conservative leader, but he wasn’t strict enough. He should have deported all 
cultural Marxists to the Soviet Union, but this would be very difficult due to the 
fundamental structural flaws of the senate and the congress.
There are 3 primary reasons for the imminent fall of the US:
1.
Fatally declining social cohesion due to multiculturalism/deconstruction of 
Christianity and everything European including traditions, identity etc.
2.
Allowing China and other Asian countries to join the WTO – outsourcing of jobs to 
non-European countries
3.
Peak-oil
Had the Democrat Harry S. Truman initiated mass-executions of 100 000 Marxist 
Americans in 1945 (alternatively deported them to the Soviet Union) and at the same 
time reduced women’s influence in political matters concerning culture and security, there 
would never have been a silent 68 cultural Marxist revolution. In addition, he should have 
relocated all of the African Americans and other non-European citizens to select states 
and given them complete autonomy. As we know, due to the weak and incompetent 
leadership of post WW2 administrations - US universities, public institutions, the 
Democratic Party and even the Republican Party was infiltrated by cultural Marxists which 
lead to the cultural Marxist revolution of 68. 
Unchecked Asian and African legal and illegal immigration
According to the cover story in the Sep. 19, 2004 issue of Time magazine, 3 million 
illegal’s entered the US in 2003 alone! And many of them quickly obtain phony ID to 
obtain a wealth of services compliments of US taxpayers: subsidized housing, welfare, 
social security, etc.
Exacerbating the problem, illegal’s’ birth rate is more than double the US average, with 
each offspring, from birth, eligible for the myriad of government programs available to 
full citizens. A new study by the Center for Immigration Studies found that illegal’s cost 
the taxpayer $10 billion dollars more than they contribute, each year.
In practice, "affirmative action" is often reverse discrimination. For example, at the 
University of California Berkeley, the average SAT score for European-Americans is 1400, 
for African Americans just 1170. And you get 400 points just for signing your name! The 
examples are endless; Nine UCLA medical school professors urged that an African-
American medical student be expelled for poor performance. But the student filed racial 
discrimination claims and to avoid a long, expensive lawsuit and race-card media 
campaign, the medical school allowed the student to return.
Laissez faire capitalism or segregation through deportation
The European American middle class is being systematically wiped out of existence by 
the governments support to Marxist procreation policies resulting in fertility rates of less 
than 1,5. In addition; the new “global economy” means that middle class European 
American workers have to directly compete for jobs with people on the other side of the 
world where there is no minimum wage and practically no regulations. The only solution 
is to re-establish a monetary market reserved for European countries. However, the 
mass-outsourcing to Asia is only one of two primary problems. Protectionism alone will 
not save the US but will only result in a delay of the impending implosion.
I never thought I would actually argue against capitalism but the US model is an extreme 
variant, almost resembling a pure laissez faire model. 83 percent of all U.S. stocks are 
now in the hands of 1 percent of the people. 66 percent of the income growth between 
2001 and 2007 went to the top 1% of all Americans. The top 10 percent of Americans 
now earn around 50 percent of the national income etc.
While capitalistic principles should be protected, it should be somewhat regulated so that 
it benefits other members of the tribe (Scandinavian light model). However, for this to 
work there must be an exceptional social cohesion, something that is not the case as 
long as the US embraces multiculturalism. I completely understand that group of tribes 
(the European Americans) would refuse to subsidize other non-European tribes – Asian or 
African. Europeans, Asians and Africans simply do not have enough factors in common 
which would be required to establish European style welfare principles. It is likely that it 
would even be problematic to attempt this model in a pool consisting of Latin European 
Americans and Nordic European Americans as well, as the cultural difference for these 
specific groups are significant.
To illustrate this further:
The International Monetary Fund ranking of the countries with highest BNP shows that 
the top 10 list is dominated by countries with an exceptional degree of social cohesion. 
This is usually only possible in countries with a small population.
1.
Luxembourg
2.
Qatar (oil)
3.
Norway
4.
Singapore
5.
Brunei (oil)
6.
United States
7.
Hong Kong
8.
Switzerland
9.
Netherlands
10. Ireland
11. Australia
12. Austria
13. Canada
14. Iceland
15. Kuwait (oil)
16. UAE (oil)
17. Sweden
18. Denmark
19. Belgium
20. UK
21. Germany
22. Finland
23. France
24. Japan
25. Taiwan
26. Greece
27. Spain
28. Italy
29. Israel
30. Cyprus
31. South Korea
32. Slovenia
33. Bahrain
34. New Zealand
The list shows very clearly that the dominating nations are countries with an ethnical 
homogenous people (high social cohesion) which are usually the countries with a 
relatively low population. 
Good fences make good neighbors,
As I have stated on several occasions, the currently most functional countries in the 
world are Japan and South Korea. They have managed to preserve all the positive 
aspects of European culture and tradition, methods and processes they imported and 
embraced after WW2 and the Korea War. They believe in cultural monoculturalism mixed 
with a free market democracy. And here lies the truth about European Revolutionary 
Conservatives as well. We believe in cultural monoculturalism and to a large degree 
ethnocentrism because we know that is the only proven way of preserving social 
cohesion levels is required to facilitate a welfare state. Without social cohesion, no 
welfare state. We believe that good borders makes good neighbours. We believe in 
democracy, but we believe that the fundamental requirement for a democracy and a 
welfare state requires social cohesion and a non-reformable cultural conservative 
framework. And as history and the above examples shows in a crystal clear manner; you 
cannot have social cohesion in a multicultural society.  The US illustrates this quite well. 
The reason there is not a decent welfare system in the US is because of lack of social 
cohesion. The European Christian middle class will simply refuse to subsidize the welfare 
of Africans, Latinos and Asians. 
The fact of the matter is that the US reached its civilizational climax during the moon 
landing in 1969 and has in fact seen a “civilisational” recession since that time 
syncrhronized with the African Civil rights movement and the Marxist 68 non-violent 
revolution. After the cultural Marxists (not economical Marxists, there’s a big difference 
here) consolidated their powers and succeeded in implementing their agenda of 
converting the US from a European Christian country to a multiculturalist nation, a 
systematical decline and gradual cultural decomposition has been evident. And this will 
continue until the economy collapses which will trigger an American civil war, estimated 
to be initiated within 2030. This economical meltdown will make the current recession 
seem like a picnic. I anticipate that this will happen at earliest within 18 years (today is 
2010, so 2028) and at latest within 65 years. 
The US will and should be divided into at least two regions; a multiculturalist region (the 
Multiculturalist States of America – MSA) and a Christian, European American region – 
(the Confederate States of America – CSA). African Americans, non-European Latinos 
and other non-European minorities should be relocated from the CSA to the MSA. 
Conservative fractions of the minorities may be granted citizenship providing that this is 
the will of the new CSA regime. CSA will be closely allied with the conservative European 
regimes (which by now will count 1-5). It is hard to predict whether the first European 
country is liberated from cultural Marxism/multiculturalism before the US implodes and is 
partitioned into at least two regions. Both scenarios will happen though.
The US was considered to be a European country until the 80s and 90s and would 
continue to dominate this list if it put in efforts to remain that way. The US is now under 
Asian and African colonization which will eventually (within 2030) result in its own self 
induced implosion, unless the cultural conservative European Americans seizes military 
and political control and initiates the partitioning and the subsequent 
deportation/relocation of non-Europeans. It is unlikely that this scenario will happen the 
way I described it. Instead, I believe the current day US will be divided into 2-3 regions, 
whereas at least one will be reserved for European Americans while the other two will 
remain multicultural. However, I hope our European American allies manage to take 
control of the US as a whole. Because if they succeed, they will be able to set their own 
terms, which will benefit all European Americans.
3.103 The Fall of the EUSSR, the Rise of the new nationalist European World 
Order (UNDER CONSTRUCTION AND NOT EDITED, feel free to complete this 
essay)
What do we, the Conservatives of Western Europe, really want to achieve? What is our 
dream, our vision for the world? If we are to believe the multiculturalist propaganda they 
would make the masses believe that we are bloodthirsty, evil people, who want to take 
Hitler’s insane plan to the next level; dropping nukes on all countries we deem inferior 
and effectively killing off 6 out of 7 billion people. They would like to portray an image of 
us as psychopathic murderers who seek the destruction of fairness and order which will 
result in the end to tolerance and peace. 
The fundamental difference between conservatives and cultural Marxists are obviously 
our two very different world views. What they call “tolerance”, is really genocide. What 
they call “peace”, is really a smokescreen for tyranny. And what they call “human rights 
advocacy”, is really nothing less than “a deliberate plan to deconstruct everything 
European and perhaps even manage to sell us into Muslim slavery in the same process”.
In other words; if you embrace the cultural Marxist definition of these terms and similar 
terms, then you have already capitulated and lost. 
We, the European Revolutionary Conservatives know very well that it will take many 
years, even decades before we successfully manage to consolidate to a degree where we 
can seize political and military power in the first Western European country. In the US, 
the Tea party movement is one of the first physical, political manifestations which 
indicate that there is a great storm coming. The creation of similar conservative 
organizations, even the creation of revolutionary conservative movements such as the 
Knights Templar is just another manifestation that real resistance to the EUSSR/US 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist hegemony is about to materialize. The cultural Marxists 
are losing their momentum to our advantage.
The pioneers of the new world order
We are some of the founding fathers of the new world order. The conservative martyrs of 
today, both democratic and revolutionary, will be remembered and celebrated as the 
founding fathers when our cultural conservative world order has been established in the 
European world within 20-70 years.  
The Nazi ghost, avoiding it or embracing it
Being a conservative ideological warrior in Western Europe or in the US involves great 
sacrifices, even if you staunchly propagate an anti-racist denomination of conservatism. 
No matter how much you denounce and condemn Nazism and racism, you will always be 
demonized as one by the cultural Marxist hegemony and its facilitators. I have to admit, 
this is the primary reason why I, personally, emphasize the demonization of Nazism and 
racism. Being a cultural conservative, opposing multiculturalism, I am demonized as a 
closet-Nazi and a closet-racist by default but my message isn’t completely ignored (by 
national legislature, internet laws, Facebook laws and twitter laws) so I do manage to 
somewhat reach out to a tiny fraction of those I want to address. If I was to embrace any 
aspect of National Socialism or make any hint of racial prejudice I would however, be 
completely silenced, as Facebook and twitter would ban me and I would end up on every 
intelligence watch list. 
Regardless of what we can allow ourselves to say, as conservatives, we cannot and 
should not pretend that all aspects of National Socialism are bad. As with any other 
ideology, there are always several aspects that represent solid and good principles. To be 
honest, there are several similarities to Japanese, South Korean, Taiwanese, Arab etc. 
current monocultural doctrines and norms that are quite similar to the NS policies of 
monoculturalism.  As human beings and political activists, we are obliged to sincerely 
evaluate and re-evaluate all ideologies, National Socialism included. It is uncertain 
whether we can achieve ideological progress and success without defending principles 
embraced by the NS, such as monoculturalism. You cannot hope to implement a 
monocultural system model without a good portion of patriarchal oriented leadership. A 
patriarchal or at least a semi-patriarchal leadership structure is a requirement, at least in 
the cultural and security fields (includes immigration, schools, universities etc.) in order 
to implement monocultural doctrines. 
Ethnocentrism and especially propagating a monoculture is and will always be the most 
essential building block of a successful nation long term. We know this because we have 
studied history. The Roman Empire and tens of other great empires imploded as a direct 
result of rapid expansion (invasions or mass-immigration) with subsequent lack of social 
cohesion. The processes which lead to the fall of these empires are more often than not 
triggered by “liberal leadership” trying to please everyone, as the current multiculturalist 
nations of Western Europe and the US represent today. There is no hope of preserving 
democracy when you deliberately deconstruct everything that fuels social cohesion, such 
as religion, culture, traditions and identity (including ethnic). There is no hope of 
preserving democracy without a unified demos. 
This is why it’s so easy to accurately predict the fall of the Western European and the US 
multiculturalist state within a pre-defined date. History always repeats itself. So to us, 
the conservative revolutionaries, the choice is simple. We must successfully seize political 
and military power in Western Europe within 70 years or all is lost. In this, we have no 
choice, as the implementation of the current Marxist doctrines (deconstruction of 
European culture – Christendom, traditions, our identity and nation states) is guaranteed 
to create our beloved fatherlands into failed states like Afghanistan, where the only 
prospect is eternal war and suffering. 
The multiculturalist road to hell is paved in gold, very similar to Hitler’s and Stalin’s vision 
of the world.    
Be proud of your ethnic group – be proud of belonging to the Nordic tribe
The current cultural Marxist world order lead by Western European and US elites 
acknowledge and tolerate that most ethnic group’s fight for their interest and are proud 
of their ethnic group. The Arab League, Kurdish Rights Movements, Rom (Gypsy) Rights 
Movements, Tibetan Rights Movements, Native American Rights Movements and 
Aboriginal Rights Movements, to name just a few are all interest groups based on race or 
ethnic affiliation. They are among those interest groups that propagate interests based 
on race/ethnic origin. They are all tolerated, encouraged and even often supported by the 
current US/EUSSR cultural Marxist hegemony. If I were to create a Nordic or an even 
broader European Indigenous Rights movements with the goal of propagating rights and 
interests for the indigenous Europeans we all know what would happen. It has been done 
before and the result of the former efforts (resulting in persecution from the 
establishment) just underlines the hateful and destructive agenda of multiculturalism. 
The evil nature of this hypocrisy is so deliberate and it clearly tells us that 
multiculturalism (cultural Marxism) is an anti-European hate ideology designed to 
deconstruct European culture, traditions, Christendom, ethnic groups and even nation 
states. We cannot defeat multiculturalism until we defeat Marxism as it is two sides of the 
same coin. Multiculturalism is Marxism, Marxism is multiculturalism. Do not have any 
doubt about this. A liberal right winger might claim that he is not a cultural Marxist but a 
globalist. He should however know that a globalist is the exact same thing as a cultural 
Marxist. Because there are only two cultural poles; if you are not cultural conservative 
then you are a cultural Marxist.
The genetical affiliation to your tribe is your most valuable commodity in this world, true 
or false?
We know that the cultural Marxist elites in Western Europe have created an adoption 
system which facilitates the adoption of Asians and Africans but makes the adoption of 
European babies more or less impossible. Not only are absolutely all European countries 
significantly influenced by Marxism (matriarchy leads to low birth rates, while Asia and 
Africa still has patriarchy leading to high birth rates) but it would seem like there is a 
deliberate agenda of attempting to genetically dilute our tribe by systematical facilitation 
of adoption from Asia and Africa. After all, how are the cultural Marxists going to create a 
one world utopia unless they deliberately annihilate, through gradual dilution, the 
European tribes?
So why is tribalism and our ethnic heritage so important?
Despite what the Marxists would like to believe, our genetical heritage is the most 
important cultural marker as it is a visual proof that you represent a certain culture, 
certain traditions, a certain identity. How you look will in a blink of an eye tell people a 
thousand things about you, who your ancestors where, tells you a lot about your 
mentality, and your countries or regions achievements the last few years. These 
thousands of pieces of information is forwarded by the blink of an eye to another 
individual. If you however do not have any genetical affiliation, people will only be left 
with a lot of questions. Where are you from, are you Muslim, are you a tourist, what 
culture do you represent, are you an integrated individual, are you an assimilated 
individual, are you the new imported servant class or are you adopted?
This is what most people ask themselves when they meet an individual. I would f 
example instantly know, from recognition, that another person is an undiluted Norwegian 
or not and most other people would as well. 
Preferentialism based on looks and ethnic origin is the rule for 80-90% of Europeans
People who are familiar with “the game”; the socio-economic rat race where looks, 
culture  and economy are the deciding factors know how the unwritten rules work. We 
say something, some politically correct BS like it’s the inside that counts, or that all 
ethnic groups are equal, but we don’t really mean it. The only reason lie publicly and 
even to our friends is because our countries are ruled by a Marxist entity and we are not 
allowed to say the truth. Social-darwinism was the norm before the 1950. Back then, it 
was allowed to say what we feel. Now, however, we have to disguise our preferences to 
avoid the horrible consequences of being labeled as a genetical preferentialist. Many 
people I know who supports mass-Muslim immigration (by voting on political parties in 
support of multiculturalism) deliberately avoids living with Muslims, simply because they 
don’t like them. But they still support mass-Muslim immigration. I like to confront these 
people with direct questions; Why do you support mass-Muslim immigration when you 
would never consider living with them, or at least living in the same neighborhood with 
them? Doesn’t that make you a hypocrite?
The reaction is always the same; their face turns red, and they have no clue what to say. 
Totally busted. I then try to argue that they should vote for a political party which 
opposes multiculturalism if they, personally, are not interested in taking the responsibility 
for the effects of given ideology. Despite all my good arguments; the success rate for 
converting these politically correct individuals into voting for a conservative party, is quite 
low – lower than 20%. They have simply been brainwashed and thoroughly indoctrinated 
by the Labour party state to not think those thoughts, so they do agree with you most of 
the time, but they are afraid of admitting it. 
Furthermore, all of the people I know personally (my extended network, through a 
lifetime), in Oslo West, have adopted a multicultural image which they like to portray 
publicly. It’s kind of like a t-shirt they take on when they wake up and go outside, leaving 
their true self behind. It’s very hot to be tolerant, after all, like Madonna and Brangelina… 
The hypocrisy of these people is limitless though, as I know for a fact that not a single 
one of them would ever procreate outside our ethnic group. But expecting them to admit 
to these facts publicly would be too naïve.  Because 90% of Europeans choose to follow 
their instincts, camouflaging their true feelings in order to survive in this Marxist world. 
Then we have the 10% Europeans, women and men, who choose to fully embrace the 
Marxist rule of procreating with Asians and Africans. What will happen to them and their 
offspring when we reach phase 2 or 3 of the European civil war is unknown. It is not 
unlikely that they may be labeled as traitors as large parts of the population. People 
should try to understand the psychology behind this. In peacetime, your ethnic affiliation 
is important. However, in wartime, your ethnic affiliation is extremely important and 
might ensure your survival. 
Let’s take an example; if the multiculturalist elites of Europe manage to suppress us 
efficiently and prevent us from seizing power the next 6 decades we will reach a situation 
where the Muslims will be in a majority in ALL European major cities. And when they get 
confident enough, war will break out (similar scenario to the Lebanon war Christians vs 
Muslims). At this point in time the economy has already collapsed and chaos and 
lawlessness reigns. The national militaries have dissolved because the multiculturalist 
government fled to another country to prevent being lynched. Noone was left to pay the 
army salaries so most of the soldiers created local militia groups protecting their 
neighbourhoods. These types of conflicts are extremely brutal and everything is either 
black or white. All individuals that look like Muslims will be gunned down, and they will 
gun down all who look like indigenous Europeans. Being an Asian or African under these 
conditions must be hard because most people will believe them to be Muslims. It is likely 
that they may end up as outcasts not accepted by either the Europeans or the Muslims. 
They may be deported, accidentally shot or deliberately killed by conservatives that are 
much less liberal than the “peace-time auto-gear European” is today.
The preservation of your ethnic affiliation is likely to be the greatest gift you can ever 
bestow upon your offspring as it will ensure their survival the next 70 years. Being hip, 
by mimicking Madonna or Angelina may be fatal to your offspring. Because I can 
guarantee the following; the European civil war has barely begun, and what is politically 
correct today, is likely to be seen as an absurdity during times of great hardship.
So think long term, be smart and never consider abandoning the ethnic affiliation to your 
tribe. If you do, it is a chance that you will end up making a decision that can prove to be 
fatal for yourself or for your children.  
Imported non-European minorities are disloyal nation wreckers! True or false?
To claim that the above statement is a falsehood would require that minorities 
assimilated fully and were supportive of views and principles propagated by the European 
majority. So what is cultural and political assimilation? Full assimilation would mean that 
the imported minorities were supportive of the above including the support to the same 
political parties as the one(s) favoured by the Europeans. In other words; they would 
vote on the same parties the majority voted on and that they would have the same 
loyalty to the values and principles that the majority had. 
So is this the case with Muslims, Jews, Hindus and non-European Christians? For them to 
be looked upon as equals (as a part of the Europeans extended family), it would be 
required that they supported the same values and principles that the majority 
represented. This is simply not possible if the primary motivations for emigrating are 
economical. Why would they give up their religion/ideology or culture if they are not 
expected to? A Pashtun didn’t come because he was interested in being separated from 
his extended Pashtun family (his ethnic group). He came because there was a high 
probability that he would be able to acquire funds easily, funds which then would be 
channeled back to his REAL family, the Pashtuns.
The relevancy of your ethnic group will always be important as we view our ethnic group 
as our extended family. This goes for all ethnic groups whether they are European, 
Pashtun, Arab, Rom, Berber-Arab, Somali, Indian, Japanese or South Korean. The Marxist 
claims that ethnicity is irrelevant or should be made irrelevant goes against human 
nature and natural laws. It is nothing more than a utopian dream which will never be 
achieved. Trying to forcefully achieve this objective by mass importing different non-
European cultures will achieve nothing more than creating a new dysfunctional 
Afghanistan with eternal war.
The only three exception I am aware of, where ethnic group is only superseded by 
another factor (religion) are the so called Bosniaks (which are Muslim Serbs) , Pakistanis 
(which are Muslim Indians) and Turks (which are primarily Muslim Greeks and 
Armenians).
So back to the question: how can we expect many minorities to be loyal to OUR extended 
family when they are still loyal to THEIR OWN. Firstly, why on earth would we want to go 
down that path, secondly; assimilation requires 100% loyalty. You cannot call yourself 
assimilated if you are culturally, politically and ethnically loyal to another 
group/culture/ideology then that of your hosts. And this is where multiculturalism fails 
miserably, as the ideology propagates a non-demand policy. The predominant doctrine 
seems to be: “do what you want, we won’t demand anything and we don’t care if you’re 
disloyal as long as you pay your tax and don’t commit any crimes. Please go ahead; 
invest in your “other” fatherland and feel free to channel funds back to your “other” 
extended family”. This principle of “tolerance” is really nothing more than a suicidal or 
genocidal policy.
European polls
F example, in Norway (probably somewhat representative for a majority of European 
countries); 37% of the indigenous Norwegians vote for a conservative party which 
opposes multiculturalism, while 63% of the indigenous Norwegians vote for liberal or 
socialist parties which supports the anti-European hate ideology; multiculturalism. 95% 
of Muslims, 70% of Hindus, 85% of Jews and 90% of non-European Christians vote for 
political parties who support multiculturalism. Only less than 5% of Muslims, 30% of 
Hindus, 15% of Jews and 10% of non-European Christians vote for political parties who 
oppose multiculturalism.
So why would anyone expect us to view the bulk of these minorities as equals with a 
right for citizenship when we consider them disloyal and unwilling to fully assimilate?
US polls
I’ve seen a US poll describing something similar; aprox. 40% of European Americans 
voted for the Democrats while 60% voted for the Republicans. 75% of the Jewish 
Americans voted for the Democrats while 25% voted for the Republicans. 95% of the 
African Americans voted for Obama while 5% voted for the Republicans. 75% of the 
Latinos voted for the Democrats while 25% voted for the Republicans.
So why would anyone expect us to view the bulk of these minorities as equals with a 
right for citizenship when we consider them disloyal and unwilling to fully assimilate?
These polls raises several important questions;
•
Will these minorities be seen as Trojans, or nation wreckers by the conservatives in any 
given European country with similar statistics?
•
Will these minorities or the “disloyal” part of these minorities eventually be blamed for the 
great European civil war, if so - which of them, and how would it affect each different 
minority group?
•
Will these minorities or the “disloyal” part of these minorities be deported or forcefully 
relocated during or after the current civil war? If, for some reason, it proves to be 
impossible to deport/relocate them, will they be annihilated, WW2 style? 
•
Should the conservative Europeans invite the conservative (loyal) portions of the minorities 
to join them? 
•
Is it realistic that they will join, if they are invited? 
•
Are we or will be we able to see the difference between a loyal (conservative) member of 
the minority community and a disloyal one (liberal/Marxist)?
As I’ve said so many times before; I believe the outcome will be very different in the US 
and Europe. After all, the composition of minorities greatly differs. There are 30 million 
Muslims in Western Europe while only 12 in the US, there are 6 million Jews in the US 
while only 1 in Western Europe. The Republicans supports multiculturalism in the US so 
conservative European Americans doesn’t have any form of political representation at the 
moment. The lack of political representation is likely to cause a more explosive and 
devastating result, as countries with a clear political alternative are more likely to avoid 
utter destruction and may be able to orchestrate a successful military coup. The reason 
for this is because the military trusts known entities but doesn’t (at least historically) 
trust what is alternatively labeled as “right wing extremist groups”.
One thing is for certain; a majority of European conservatives witness what they see as 
the “disloyalty” of the greater parts of many minority groups and it would be naïve to 
assume that this is a factor which will not have long term consequences. Unfortunately, 
the problem is continuously escalating as we continue to see an increased inflow of 
disloyal components which will only add to the current explosive mix. This trend of mass 
import will continue steadily until the economy collapses and phase 2/3 of the civil war is 
initiated. 
As for the conclusive answer to the initial question; I believe we should include as many 
of the loyalists as possible. However, there may be a mentality shift, based a number of 
factors which may result in a different end game. If the US/EU Multiculturalist Alliance 
refuses to capitulate to us, the conservative forces, by 2020 and instead clings to power, 
it is likely that the Great European Civil War will make WW2 look like a picnic, effectively 
sending us all back to the stone age. So let us hope that they capitulate to our forces in 
time.
3.104 Pro-African nationalism: deportation and/or segregation is the most anti-
racist approach (UNDER CONSTRUCTION AND NOT EDITED, feel free to 
complete this essay)
While deportation and/or segregation might appear as the most discriminating option at 
first glance, it’s actually quite the opposite. One of the reasons why all African countries 
are failed states is due to lack of nationalistic principles with subsequent lack of pride in 
their people and nation. The dream about Europe, hanging like a carrot in front of a 
mule, eliminates any hope to create and develop a sustainable African nation. Africans 
who successfully emigrate from Africa are regarded as heroes by the majority of Africans 
in the community they left behind... 
The solution is to simply remove the destructive carrot altogether. African pride cannot be 
established until the day we clearly tell them that Europe is off limits and all aid will seize 
immediately. As for how to handle the so called African asylum seekers; 
An illustration on how a majority of asylum seekers should be handled in the future. 
Where the opposing forces control territory - A Somali illustration;
F example a Somali family consisting of; father age 35, son age 16, daughter age 10, 
pregnant mother age 30 fleeing from al-Shabaab in Somalia. The family paid human 
traffickers to be smuggled to Europe and are now at an asylum camp in England. The 
family should be automatically deported (forcefully if necessary) to a territory under 
Ethiopian control (Ethiopian forces now controls and leads the anti-al-Shabaab military 
campaign), where they will be able to serve the anti-al-Shabaab forces. The males in the 
family, above the age of 15, should immediately report for duty, receive training and 
contribute militarily to the destruction of al-Shabaab and its Islamist allies. The women of 
the family must do their duty and produce soldiers for the campaign, until the day they are 
victorious and manage to seize military control of Somalia. 
Ethiopian forces now control many refugee camps where they use people like these as 
auxiliary forces in their campaign. The only thing required for this to happen is that the 
European country in question comes to an agreement with the Ethiopian or Somali anti-al-
Shabaab leadership. If the leadership attempts to complicate the process intentionally for 
the purpose of blackmailing for funds etc, this must be countered by simply dropping off 
containers full of these Somali refugees in safe zones, without permission. Alternatively, a 
small fraction on land close to the allied camp must be secured militarily in order to 
establish a drop-off transit area. 
Where the opposing forces lack territory - An Iranian/Vietnamese illustration;
In countries where the “opposing forces” do not actually control territory of any size a 
different approach must be chosen. F example Iranians that somehow manage to enter 
Europe must be relocated to a Muslim country close to the conflict area. This principle 
should have been followed after the Vietnam War as well. Anti-communist Vietnamese 
should have been relocated to Taiwan, a country established by the anti-communist 
Chinese after WW2. There is absolutely no good reason why an Iranian or a Vietnamese 
should be encouraged or facilitated to travel across the world for relocation in a European 
country. However, in order to ensure a smooth transition it would be required, by the future 
cultural conservative regimes of Western Europe, to establish deportation/relocation 
agreements with a multitude of regimes around the world. There are more than 80 conflicts 
around the world today that should concern us in this regard. 
Europe should never encourage or facilitate the African (or Asian) cowards and traitors 
whom attempt to abandon their people and their own struggle and conflict. Rewarding 
cowardice will only establish a destructive precedence which will result in a cultivation of 
the coward’s mentality.  This short sighted bleeding heart policy is one of several 
important causes for both Africa’s and Europe’s problems. 
As the third world resident learns that there is no hope of immigrating to Europe he will 
begin to look inwards and start to contribute to solve the issues in his own country. As 
soon as we, the cultural conservatives, seize military and political control of Western 
Europe in the coming decades, we will begin to implement these principles and help 
Europe and Africa by enforcing a policy based on pragmatism and logic. As such; we will 
immediately halt current bleeding heart policies which directly cause many of the 
problems we see in Africa and other third world countries today.
Segregation in combination with a complete halt in aid and facilitating the African 
governments to implement nationalistic doctrines are in fact the best African strategy. 
Policies like these are in fact the most anti-racist approach of all as it clearly defines the 
new responsibilities and limitations. Because with responsibilities and limitations, comes 
opportunity. Nevertheless, people who are very short sighted will consider these policies 
quite cynical or darwinistic. However, long term, it is the most humanistic and responsible 
approach. 
In contrast to today’s policies; the current African policies represent processes of 
“clientification”. Africans and African nations are treated with the utmost contempt, very 
similar to how drug addicts on the streets of Western Europe are treated today. The 
current African policies are very racist and contribute to hold Africa and Africans back by 
taking what little pride they have left away from them. 

