# 3.105 A new conservatism/nationalism - Vienna School of Thought

> 原文页码: 1233-1235

Consolidating European conservative organisations
“Before we can do anything, there must be a we.”
John Law
3.105 A new conservatism/nationalism - Vienna School of Thought 
The Vienna school of thought or “Crusader Nationalism” 
advocates a new conservatism/nationalism - a hybrid of 
several conservative and traditionalist directions. It is not a 
full-fledged ideology but can act as a caricature of a 
reactionary ideological platform and an alternative to the left 
wing ideological caricature known as the Frankfurt school of 
thought. 
The ideological platform advocates a strict anti-Jihad/Islamic 
stance which indirectly establishes a default friendly stance 
and support to Israel as an integral part of its fundament. The 
Vienna School of Thought is a right wing, Western European 
equivalent and reaction to the Marxist - Frankfurt school (ideological caricature). The 
purpose of the platform is to ensure a consolidation of anti-Marxist forces before Europe 
is overwhelmed demographically by Muslims. 
If the anti-Marxist forces fail to seize political and military power in Western European 
countries within 20-70 years, we will end up like Lebanon (once a Christian country), 
where 10 decades of Islamic demographical warfare have reduced the Christians to a 
persecuted minority in their own lands. 
The name of the school is coined after what its supporters see as the most important 
battle in European history; the Battle of Vienna in 1683 where the Islamic conquest of 
Western Europe was prevented by the Holy League, lead by John III Sobieski. This 
conservative school of thought is mostly known for its principles against doctrines rather 
than its principles or alternative political policies/platform which will solve many of 
Europe’s current problems. 
It’s a branch of nationalism is often referred to as the “European new right” although its 
doctrines vary from moderate to more extreme. Many moderate supporters of the school 
of thought will not acknowledge the more radical doctrines. The Vienna School of 
Thought is a hybrid between several sub-ideologies:
Pro:
•
Pro-Nationalism
•
Pro-pan-nationalism (pro-Europeanism)
•
Pro-national or pan-European crusaderism
•
Pro-Christian identity
•
Pro-cultural conservatism
•
Pro-monoculturalism (pro cultural unity)
•
Pro-patriarchy 
•
Pro-Israel
Anti:
•
Anti-Marxism
•
Anti-globalism/internationalism
•
Anti-multiculturalism
•
Anti-Jihadism
•
Anti-Islam(isation)
•
Anti-imperialistic
•
Anti-feminism
•
Anti-pacifism
•
Anti-EU(SSR)
•
Anti-matriarchy
•
Anti-racist
•
Anti-fascist
•
Anti-Nazi
•
Anti-totalitarian
Areas not covered by the school of thought:
Economy – the school of thought does not include a description of a clear economical 
platform. However, a majority of its supporters are generally against a 
communist/socialist economical model and at the same time against a laizzes faire 
capitalist model. An economical model may contain socialist and capitalist principles 
(welfare policies included).
Liberalism/individualism – the school of thought is not against liberalistic or 
individualistic principles as long as these principles do not significantly undermine the 
collective interests of all citizens. Extreme collective individualism can have catastrophic 
results on a society illustrated best through the average European fertility rate of 1,5. We 
must always strive to ensure that as many as humanly possible have every opportunity 
to pursue and find happiness and we should not restrict these opportunities as long as 
they do not significantly undermine the collective interests of all citizens. Ensuring 
attractive opportunities and solutions for both conservatives and liberals can be solved by 
creating “metropolitan liberal zones”. 
Controversial principles: 
•
Revolutionary, supports the overthrow of all Western European multiculturalist governments 
through armed struggle to prevent the gradual demographical extermination of Europeans 
through Islamic demographic warfare
•
Against excessive US cultural influence
•
Against US military bases/US military personnel on European soil
•
Restriction of media rights. Media should not dictate the policies of the nation or the 
lifestyles of Europeans
•
Supports the deportation of all Muslims from Europe
•
Pro-Israel (pro-Zionism/Israeli nationalism, supports the deportation of Muslims from the 
West Bank and the Gaza strip)
•
Pro-Russia (pro Russian nationalism)
•
Pro-Eurosiberia (supporting a federation with Russia – European Federation -  as long as 
Russia deports their Muslim inhabitants and breaks its union with Muslim ex-Soviet 
republics and instead chooses a purely European alternative). The new European 
Federation will be much more isolationalist with a policy of economic nationalism 
(protectionism).
•
Pro-Boer/Afrikaner (supporting a partition of South Africa into two parts)
•
Pro-India (pro-sanatana dharma movements/Indian nationalism, support to the nationalists 
in the Indian civil war and to the deportation of all Muslims from India)
•
Pro-China (supports Chinas deportation of Muslims).
•
Pro-Thailand (support the nationalists in the Thai civil war and to the deportation of all 
Muslims from Thailand).
•
Pro-Philippines (supports the deportation of all Muslims from the Philippines).
•
Pro-Sri Lanka (supports the deportation of all Muslims from Sri Lanka)
•
Anti-Turkey, many followers do not acknowledge Turkey and consider parts of Anatolia to be 
occupied Greek and Armenian territory which must be re-annexed.

