# 3.107 Consolidating moderate (non-military) European cultural conservative organisations – phase 1 and 2

> 原文页码: 1242-1243

3.107 Consolidating moderate (non-military) European cultural conservative 
organisations – phase 1 and 2
“He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.”
Lao Tzu
It’s imperative that we, the moderate cultural conservatives in Western Europe, spend 
the next decades to recruit, build and consolidate our forces and try to reach a common 
vision of a future Europe. Note that it will be very difficult to cooperate and reach a 
consensus due to our different viewpoints. 
There are many things about which we all disagree, but at this point we need to unite 
simply in order to survive. We can sort out our disagreements later.
 
Suggestions for common uniting principles with the intention of consolidating 
the four main cultural conservative movements
1.
Secular cultural conservative movements 
2.
European conservative Christian movements (cultural conservative Christians)
3.
The Anti-Jihad Movement (anti-Multicult/Islamisation, pro Israel)
4.
Racial conservatives/NS (anti-Multicult, anti-Jewish, anti gay, neutral/hostile towards 
Islam/Christendom)
Moderate uniting principles:
Society
-
Oppose the European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist establishment and their agendas.
-
Oppose the feminisation of European institutions by promoting “rationalism” and opposing 
emotionalism. 
-
Support the nuclear family structure
-
Fight for free speech
-
Support the death penalty (3 strike) 
Monoculturalism/Islam/Immigration
-
Promote the Judeo Christian traditions in Europe with emphasis on Christendom.
-
Oppose the Islamisation of Europe (European multiculturalism)
-
Fight for the re-classification of Islam as a political ideology (75% political, 25% spiritual) 
-
Oppose mass Muslim immigration
-
Promote European culture in general
-
Implement measures against Islamic Demographic Warfare
-
Fight for the Church’s right to exist and grow (from current low). This includes continued 
political pressure to support conservative Christian’s current positions in the Church, the 
public sector and NGO’s. Individuals who have been dismissed the last decades must be 
reinstated. Furthermore, it is essential that we continue actively to try to limit the number 
of cultural Marxists/multiculturalists in similar positions. The goal should be to dismiss and 
replace them with conservatives from all three groups.
-
Promote a re-introduction of non-falsified historical references concerning Islamic 
Imperialism, Islamic atrocities, Dhimmitude under Islam and un-biased information about 
the Crusades etc.
Foreign policy
-
Support Israel’s fight against Jihad.
-
Oppose an appeasement policy towards the Islamic world.
-
Continue to militarily prevent any Muslim country from attaining nuclear weapons (Pakistan 
must be disarmed).
-
Oppose Turkey/Albania/Bosnia Herzegovina membership to the EU.
-
Oppose Turkeys/Albania’s membership in NATO.
More extreme principles
-
Support for the banning of the Quran and the Hadith (as these books propagate violence, 
genocide and war against all non-Muslims).  
-
Disallow mosques in Europe as long as Christians are not allowed to build Churches in 
Saudi Arabia and other Islamic countries. 
-
Support the dismantlement of Protestantism in the Nordic countries, the UK, Germany 
(replacing it with Catholicism).

