# 3.106 Creating patriotic youth movements in phase 1

> 原文页码: 1236-1241

•
Pro-Christian Africa (supports Christian Africans against Jihad)
•
Pro- Rom/gypsy (supports the creation of a Rom/gypsy homeland in East-Anatolia)
•
Pro-Maronite (supports the re-establishment of a Christian Lebanon)
•
Pro-Assyrian (supports the re-establishment of a Christian Assyrian state north of Lebanon)
•
Pro-Copt (supports the re-establishment of a Christian Coptic state in western Egypt)
Well known and relatively moderate contributors to the Vienna school of 
thought: 
Intellectuals:
Fjordman
(Robert Spencer)
(Bat Ye’or)
Many more
Sites:
Gates of Vienna
The Brussels Journal
(The Green Arrow)
Many more
3.106 Creating patriotic youth movements in phase 1 
According to MSM and the Multiculturalist governments; everyone who criticises Islam or 
multiculturalism/cultural Marxism (the political mechanism that allows Islamisation) are 
considered fascists, racists and Nazis. So according to them all patriots are fascists, 
racists and Nazis.
We shouldn’t do "their" dirty work FOR them by labelling fellow patriots. Most of the 
youths who are recruited to "real" racists criminal organisations like Hells Angels or NS 
organisations go there because they lack alternatives. In other words, they go there 
because they lack ideological guidance. Organisations like f example Hells Angels 
completely lack the intellectual and moral justification we represent. This is why it is 
important that "politically correct" patriot intellectuals like ourselves (at least some of us) 
should take responsibility and give them an alternative. I’m not saying organisations like 
SIOE or EDL should be that alternative but at least IT IS an alternative that can be 
morally and ideologically justified. However, there is definitely a market for more 
alternatives.
In this context it is essential to understand and acknowledge that our current 
immigration policies/the Islamisation of Europe is actually a secondary "illness". It is a 
result of the doctrines of multiculturalism. There has been a successful infiltration of 
multiculturalist doctrines into our systems the last four decades (state bodies/policies, 
school curriculum's, university campuses, MSM agenda, media agenda etc.). Changing 
our immigration policies or stopping the Islamisation is simply not possible without first 
dealing with the core problem which is cultural Marxism/cultural 
relativism/multiculturalism. As, already noted, the Islamisation of Europe is a "secondary 
manifestation" of given ideology/principles.
We shouldn’t fight racism with racism but instead strive to gain the moral high ground. In 
order to maintain our moral and ideological justification (for our ongoing fight to liberate 
Europe from cultural Marxism/multiculturalism) it is required that we reject and distance 
ourselves from ALL 4 hate-ideologies:
1.
National Socialism (anti-Jewish hate ideology, racist in nature)
2.
Islam (anti-Kafr hate ideology, Christians, Jews, Buddhists, Hindus, Atheists etc)
3.
Communism (anti-individualism, anti-freedom)
4.
Multiculturalism (anti-European hate ideology, anti-white racism).
A multiculturalist is just as bad as a Nazi, which again is just as bad as a true Muslim, a 
communist or a fascist. 
We should and must strive to distance ourselves from all four ideologies. By doing this we 
will gain the support of the masses and not end up as a marginalised and excessively 
demonised insignificant organisation.
The problem arises as everyone who criticises Islam or multiculturalism, the cultural 
conservatives, are automatically labelled by MSM and the Western European 
multiculturalist governments as fascists, racists and Nazis. Do we accept their premise, 
the cultural Marxist labelling techniques? Ofc we don’t and we shouldn’t do their dirty 
work for them by labelling fellow patriots. 90% of the individuals who uses 
Neonazi/fascist symbols are not real national socialists. They are only extremely 
frustrated individuals who have been demonised and ridiculed for too long by the 
establishment. They do not need to be demonised further by us, they need an alternative 
patriotic movement which strives to defeat all forms of hate and racism (multiculturalism 
included), instead of fighting hate (multiculturalism) with more hate (Nazism).  
Creating patriotic youth movements in phase 1
How can we expect to safeguard our societies against cultural Marxism and Islam in the 
future (say in 2,3,4,5 decades from now) when Western Europe does not even have any 
well organised patriotic youth groups?
Patriotic youth groups (also referred to as street activists) are the back bone of the 
resistance and the creation of such political entities should be a primary goal.
An intellectual club (consisting of older professionals) who rejects the notion of offering 
political and intellectual guidance to the youths of the society will have limited impact. A 
large majority of the current European conservative intellectuals are cowards and 
unwilling to take responsibility. If they had taken responsibility they would have started 
to develop a Conservative Revolutionary Movement and/or several patriotic youth 
movements.  
If the “anti-Islamisation/anti-totalitarian organisations” refuse to start their own youth 
groups and start recruitment of patriotic youth then the so called totalitarian-minded, 
racist or criminal organisations such as Hells Angels will (as we are witnessing today). 
And when the time comes there will be one impotent “politically correct” intellectual club 
“ without anyone who can physically protect it and its doctrines from “Marxist/Muslim 
lynch mobs” as most of the youths have been recruited by the other “competing” 
patriotic alternatives. 
It would be irresponsible and quite hypocritical to just label the youths of your society as 
“lost causes” just because the MSM tactically label them as racists. I would bet 90% of 
the individuals who are labelled as “Nazis or fascists” are in fact far from it and just lack 
ideological and intellectual guidance. They feel they really have no other alternative. It is 
therefore quite irresponsible and hypocritical not to take an initiative regarding the 
creation of youth groups with the intention to offer them intellectual and political 
guidance. Unwillingness to do exactly this confirms the notion that you are nothing more 
than an irresponsible hypocrite. 
This again raises several important questions;
Creating patriotic youth groups is a pragmatic and necessary approach as we CANNOT 
and should not trust that our police forces and military act in our interest now or in the 
future. Both our police forces and military are lead by the multiculturalist traitors we wish 
to defeat.  
So, if your goal or hope is to attempt to convince your traitorous politicians to voluntarily 
remove and ban multiculturalist doctrines and Islam you are delusional and extremely 
naive. However, I totally understand why people are hesitant to discuss this publicly. 
Know this; if you pursue this course (create patriotic youth movements) you will most 
likely be persecuted and ridiculed by the multiculturalist government and the MSM press. 
You are likely to lose your job and be the primary target of a campaign of psychological 
warfare. Pursuing this goal will involve persecution and suffering in phase 1. 
Nevertheless, it is extremely important that some brave Western European souls find the 
strength to pursue it.
I have to admit, for many years I was scared as well (scared of being ridiculed, frozen 
out, persecuted, harassed by MSM, blacklisted etc) so I completely understand why other 
people are afraid to discuss this (creation of youth groups, non-armed militias) as it is 
considered politically incorrect. 
Myself, and many of the people I know (other cultural conservative intellectuals) have 
been quite hesitant to bring this up as we were and still are simply too scared of the 
consequences as an overwhelming majority of other anti-Jihad ideological warriors are. 
We are reluctant to take the struggle to the “next level”. It is inevitable but we tend to 
try to delay it for as long as possible, clinging to the hope that our elites will come to 
their senses before then. Somehow, we cling to hope and refuse to admit that there is no 
chance of this happening. The Lebanon example illustrates how this happened historically 
and how it ended. They waited too long due to cowardice and as a result, they are now a 
persecuted minority in their own lands. We CANNOT and WILL NOT allow this to happen 
again. We must act while we still can!
Lebanon demographical development [Muslim vs Christians]:
1911 - 21% Islam
1921 - 45% 
1932 - 49% 
1943 - 48% 
1970 - 58% (Civil war 1975–1990 started when Islam reached 60%)
1990 - 65% (Christians lost the war)
2008 - 75%
Christian Lebanon waited too long before they started 
mobilising and as a result they lost the war. 
One thing seems pretty clear though. If the right wingers 
that holds the moral high ground (us) refuse to take our 
youth under our wings (offering them ideological 
guidance), they will seek criminal organisations like Hells 
Angels or alternatively National Socialist movements 
instead. And it will be OUR fault.
Just take the initiative, and keep the discussions on closed 
forums (those kinds of discussions violate FB and other societies guidelines so use 
neutral discussion grounds). Focus on the people you trust first and don’t exclude people 
based on the MSM premise and labeling techniques. After all, the MSM are our enemies 
as 99% of journalists support multiculturalism. 
Be aware of the factors that limit and creates difficulties for consolidation:
-
NIA (national intelligence agency) targeted extermination campaigns (see chapter about 
NIA).
-
Unemployment rate
-
Lack of reputational shields (be smart, chosoe principles/names many people can “morally 
defend”. A good alternative: Patriots against Fascism, European Human Rights Movement. 
A bad alternative: National Front or any name containing the word nationalist or other 
massively demonised words.
Copy your enemies, learn from the professionals
The cultural Marxists youth are known for their talents to infiltrate, control or create 
organisations related to a spectre of themes. The cultural Marxists are hateful individuals 
driven by their hate for anything European – European culture, European traditions, 
European identity and European national sovereignty. However, they disguise their true 
political intentions by claiming to be driven by humanist principles, thus effectively smoke 
screening their true agenda. Typical names of Marxist controlled political entities are: 
-
Youth against Drugs
-
Alliance against Racism
-
Alliance against Fascism
-
Feminist Front
-
Environmentalist organisations
-
Alliance against the Church (often for abortion and gay marriage)
-
Alliance against Israel
-
Alliance for Animal Rights
-
Solidarity with Africa
-
Solidarity with Palestine
-
Civil rights movements
-
Pacifist movements
-
Human rights movements
We, the patriotic/cultural conservative youth however should actively choose the 
following spectre of themes:
-
Alliance against Muslim Extremism
-
Alliance against Jihad 
-
Alliance against Sharia etc.
-
Alliance for Freedom of Speech
-
Patriots against Fascism
-
Alliance against Marxism
-
Alliance against excessive taxation
-
Alliance against the EU
-
Patriots for Europe
-
Alliance against the Lisbon Treaty
-
Stop the deconstruction of Christianity
-
Stop the European Cultural Genocide and the deconstruction of European identity
-
Alliance against the genocide of the indigenous peoples of Europe 
-
Stop the Genocide of Christian Copts
-
Stop the Genocide of Christian Assyrians
-
Acknowledge the Armenian Genocide
-
Turkey out of the EU
-
Turkey and Albania out of NATO
-
Stop the Jihad against of Christian Sudanese
-
Human rights movements
-
Civil rights movements
The British EDL seems to be the first youth organisation that has finally understood this. 
Sure, in the beginning it was the occasional egg heads who shouted racist slogans and 
did Nazi salutes but these individuals were kicked out. An organisation such as the EDL 
has the moral high ground and can easily justify their political standpoints as they 
publicly oppose racism and authoritarianism.
Yes, multiculturalism is a racist ideology but you can’t combat racism by being racist. 
Several Western European political parties and youth organisations need to understand 
this. The racist policies cannot be morally justified and is counter productive for any 
organisation seeking support above the 10% mark. They should rather attack 
multiculturalism on safe ideological grounds (cultural justification, not racial).
Marxist and anarcho-Marxist youth organisations like Blitz, SOS, AFA in Scandinavia 
managed in a very successful fashion to infiltrate the hiphop movement in the 90s by 
creating a youth hub and arranging hiphop concerts and even setting up their own record 
labels and direct alliances with artists. They arrange concerts, have their own radio 
stations and offer various activities for European youngsters together with related NGOs 
in which they have successfully managed to take control over like “youth against drugs” 
and “youth against racism”. The Marxists are actively using all these fronts as bases for 
recruitment (in addition to university campuses). They even very often get financial 
support from the state establishment to do exactly this. In Norway the PC block lead by 
the Labour Party and Socialistic Left Party are strong supporters of these organisations 
and give millions to support them.
The patriotic-nationalist youth movements on the other hand have been systematically 
deconstructed the last three decades with the assistance of the police, schools and of 
course the mass media etc.
A recurring strategy is to pressure the parents and youth themselves through several 
directions. Demonisation is their weapon of choice. The end result was that the cultural 
Marxist establishment in Norway successfully managed to deconstruct the movement and 
push the rest of the elements underground. I know the situation is quite different in 
various European countries. Sweden has the largest movement in Scandinavia, Germany 
has a large alternative and the UK has a large emerging patriotic movement. 
The European patriotic movements should continue to target the trance/ electronica 
community and gain ground on similar new arenas and use them as the Marxists have 
traditionally used the hip-hop community, the anti drug arena and the environmental 
NGOs. They are the professionals and we should learn from them.
False prophets
Denmark doesn't have an EDL (English Defence League) equivalent. Instead they have 
Hells Angels, a criminal organisation who is claiming the title: defender of the Danish 
people, knights templar etc. This is a typical example of a "false prophet".
The problem here is that they are simply exploiting the naive patriot youth to use them 
in a drug war against the Muslim mafias and street gangs. Street protesters/activists are 
inevitable and important whether we like it or not. We just have to select a line that can 
be morally justified towards a large enough portion of the public. Racism and anti-
Semitism can never be justified so don’t even go that way. Indigenous rights however is 
not racism but is still a minefield so tread carefully.
1. Organisations like EDL, doesn't have an official extreme political doctrine. When they 
"bait" the UAF, and Jihadi youth (in the thousands) in to rioting, they ensure that the 
riots are covered by national and international press. During the Harrod protest there 
were only 16 or so from SIOE and EDL, while there were 3000+ Marxist extremists and 
Jihadi youth. While it is perhaps morally questionable to bait like this they enticed an 
overreaction which again lead to "favourable" coverage (a significantly unfavourable 
coverage of Marxist extremists and Jihadi youth). Favourable in the sense that Brits gets 
an indication of the true potency and potential threat of the Jihadi mob, which again 
results in more Europeans waking up from their self induced coma. It also results in 
increased polarisation. Is it really that bad that more Europeans are shocked out of their 
slumber?
2. The alternative would be that these patriotic youth are lured into "false prophet" 
patriotic criminal organisations like Hells Angels or even NS organisations which would be 
really bad. 
Instead of condemning and rejecting organisations like EDL it is essential that 
conservative intellectuals contribute to help them on the right ideological path. And to 
ensure that they continue to reject criminal, racist and totalitarian doctrines.
Sure, they will always be labelled as racists by the MSM, but who aren’t labelled? 
Everyone who criticises Islamisation or multiculturalism and supports Israel are labelled 
as racists, fascists and Nazis anyway. Europeans are getting increasingly immune against 
the multiculturalist labelling techniques. More and more people understand that Islam is 
not a race, but a hateful political ideology. When they continue with the labelling 
techniques despite of this, it is actually the individuals labelling other groups who are 
perceived as intolerant bigots. People aren't stupid.

