# 3.113 Assistance from our European-American/Canadian/Australian brothers in the European civil war

> 原文页码: 1258-1258

3.113 Assistance from our European-American/Canadian/Australian brothers in 
the European civil war
Just like Irish-Americans assisted the IRA over several years, European-Americans should 
assist their brothers in Europe. The faith of multiculturalism will be decided in Europe as 
the front lines of the war between cultural conservatives and cultural Marxists will be 
fought in major European cities. The reason is that the doctrine of multiculturalism could 
have actually succeeded if it weren’t for Islam. You can’t compare Christian Latin 
American immigration against mass Muslim immigration etc. 
As such, when we defeat cultural communism/multiculturalism here (between 2050-
2090), the US will most likely choose to adapt voluntarily or forcefully by the hand of 
their own people. The same will likely occur in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. When 
the outcome has been decided in Europe, the cultural conservatives of the US will rise 
and fight their own tyrant as they know they will have the complete backing of a strong 
Greater European cultural conservative Federation. However, Europe should not help 
directly as we can’t risk a nuclear war devastating both the US and Europe. 
This applies to our European-Canadian and European-Australian brothers as well. You 
know that your governments will be quick to follow given European regime shifts so it’s in 
your interest to help out your French, British, German, Scandinavian etc brothers to 
defeat the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists here in European metropolitans. Travel here 
yourself, transfer funds, give your moral support, become a martyr in the fight yourself - 
anything will be greatly appreciated.
As you might have noticed, I’ve deliberately avoided analyzing the US and even Eastern 
Europe because the picture is much more complex there. I feel there are simply too 
many political variables in the US and Eastern European (especially Balkan) to create 
future predictions. Multiculturalism might actually succeed to a much larger degree in the 
US (or at least might prove much harder to counter) due to the much slower rate of 
Islamisation. The US government has also been very careful not to excessively flood the 
country with too many low educated, religiously conservative Muslims. On the contrary, 
most of the illiterate fanatical Muslims have ended up in Western European countries. 
This may prove to be a significant factor. 

