# 3.111 National Anarchists (Anarcho-nationalists, certain ACAB-, oi-, RAC-, 14/88 nationalists)

> 原文页码: 1252-1255

3.111 National Anarchists (Anarcho-nationalists, certain ACAB-, oi-, RAC-, 
14/88 nationalists)
“Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision 
with action will change the world.”
Joel Barker
National-anarchism is somewhat a partial ideology of its own[1]. However, I tend to put 
all individuals who refuse to embrace pragmatical methods and principles in this 
category. A majority of these individuals do not directly contribute in a useful way to any 
of the 8 political fronts.  
They are currently more or less an irrelevant political force in most Western European 
countries and they will continue to be politically irrelevant unless they start to contribute 
efficiently through various ways of political activism. Embracing our (the Knights 
Templar) primary principles is one of these ways. 
Of course, it must be noted that many in the oi, RAC, ACAB groups do in fact contribute 
to the struggle in very useful ways through active consolidation and activation of former 
passive individuals. However, the large majority, who themselves claim to be political 
activists, do very little or absolutely nothing useful for our struggle. Their ideological 
platform and propaganda is often so crude and un-appealing that they often end up 
defeating their own purpose and often end up in isolated groups/spheres with minimal 
influence (penetration rate) towards the broader society. Some even hurt the nationalist 
cause with their counter-productive behaviour. 
The ACAB mentality (All Cops Are Bastards) is a useless and counterproductive 
philosophy. The cops/system protectors are NOT our targets and they never will be. 
Instead, the Knights Templar, consider them speed bumps on the way to our target 
destination. Sure, they protect the category A and B traitors but we do what we can to 
avoid and evade all system protectors. If it comes to a confrontation where we cannot 
evade or escape we will strike hard and without mercy as they will do the same to us if 
given the opportunity. 
If the national anarchists were true rebels - true nationalist revolutionaries, they would 
not spend 1000-20 000 Euros on tattoos but rather invest that budget on meaningful 
resistance by participation in the 8 fronts. If they are warriors of the conservative 
revolution wouldn’t the investment in guns and explosives or even books to broaden their 
knowledge base be the way to go? You can get premium weaponry and armour for 5-20k 
Euro.
National anarchists often lack the will to fight because they lack long term purpose and 
structure. They loathe authority hierarchies and the PC bourgeois even more. They lack 
the structure in their lives that will allow them to become an unstoppable political force. 
They will become a superior and unstoppable force if they adapt and conform to the 
principles of the Knights Templar. They have the potential to rise up from irrelevancy to 
become the leaders of tomorrow. No one can make that decision but them, themselves. 
It should be in the interest of every European nationalist to actively reach out a hand to 
the national anarchists and offer them structure, know how - knowledge and purpose. 
The road to influence begins by taking collective responsibility. 
We must contribute to make them relevant in the ongoing European struggle, the civil 
war. Because I believe they will prove to be an essential and required piece of the puzzle. 
We may not be able to win as long as our less structured brothers and sisters choose the 
ACAB and the immigrant/ANTIFA (anarcho-Marxist) bashing mentality. 
In short, they will continue to remain irrelevant as long as they channel their frustration 
and rage towards immigrants, ANTIFA and the police, while completely ignoring the 
category A and B traitors. They must learn to ignore the immigrants, the ANTIFA and the 
system protectors and instead attack the very heart of the 7 headed monster – the 
individual category A and B traitors. The way to defeat the ANTIFA and win over the 
police is to destroy the 7-headed monster, the category A and B traitors from where they 
get their funding. Alternatively they should contribute to any of the other 7 non violent 
fronts described in this compendium. Sure, street protesting, front 7, is essential and 
important to prevent the ANTIFA from negatively influencing our other fronts. But there 
are ways to structure this front more efficiently. It is highly advisable to structure any 
street protest organisation after the English Defence League (EDL) model as it is the only 
way to avoid paralyzing scrutiny and persecution.
The system protectors of any given country can never be defeated nor should we ever try 
to defeat them. They are an undefeatable manifestation of the regime and they are easy 
to replace should some of them fall (unlike the category A and B traitors). 
National anarchists must reject and ignore un-ressurectable nationalist ideologies such as 
national socialism. Instead study the great nationalist revolutions and revolutionaries of 
our times. As of now, each fully motivated, well prepared and battle ready Justiciar 
Knight constitutes the same usefulness in our struggle as 1000 national anarchists. Now 
imagine the prospect of 1000 national anarchists adapting and embracing the principles 
and knowledge associated with becoming a Justiciar Knight. 1000 European Justiciar 
Knights spread all across a small or medium sized Western European country would be 
enough to bring that cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime to it its knees and would 
result in full capitulation (or would at least eventually lead to it). The potential and 
political influence carried within each and every national anarchist is enormous should he 
one day choose to follow in the footsteps of the Justiciar Knight. 
1000 Justiciar Knights is of course a utopia, at least in the first part of phase 1, as most 
of the national anarchists simply do not have the knowledge and abilities required, and 
sadly most of them are unwilling or lack the courage to learn and adapt. My hope is 
however that some of them will, and thus will progress from the current valley of 
irrelevancy to living warrior legends of our struggle.   
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_anarchists
Fight category A and B traitors NOT Muslims or ANTIFA (anarcho-
Marxists/Marxist Jugend)
DO NOT for the love of God aim your rage and frustration at Muslims. Muslim or Paki 
bashing is a sure way to hurt our cause as this is what the cultural Marxist elites WANT 
you to do. They want you to waste your efforts on fighting Muslims and they will do 
anything to prevent you from aiming your efforts at them. They want the indigenous 
Europeans to busy fighting Muslims as that will guarantee their positions. We will never 
have a chance at overthrowing the cultural Marxist if we waste our energy and efforts on 
fighting Muslims. 
This can easily be illustrated:
When the pipe in your bathroom springs a leak and the water is flooding the room, what 
do you do? It’s not very complicated, after all. You go for the source of the problem, the 
leak itself! You DON’T mop up until after you have fixed the actual leak. Needless to say, 
our regime is the leak (all category A, B and C traitors), the Muslims are the water.  
As such, ALL our efforts must be aimed at category A and B traitors with very few 
exceptions. The ONLY exceptions should be sabotage attacks aimed at infrastructure (to 
cripple/weaken the economy of our regime) and effectuate certain devastating strategic 
attacks during the Muslim Eid celebration - later in phase 1 and 2, in order to radicalise 
and manipulate the Muslim forces. The Muslim husbands, uncles, brothers and nephews 
will go absolutely nuts which will result in devastating Jihadi frenzies, substantially 
contributing to weaken our regimes further and at the same time create more recruits for 
our resistance movements. Muslims are our absolutely best recruitment tools. They act 
as indirect recruiters by using rape, assault, robbery, arson and murder, forcing their 
victims and their closest relatives/friends out of their coma. 
Phase 1 (2010-2030) - priority
The ratio of attacks in phase 1 should follow the given guidelines: 90%+ aimed at 
concentrations of category A and B traitors and less than 10% on the other objectives. 
Phase 2 (2030-2070) - priority
70% + aimed at concentrations of category A and B traitors and less than 30% on 
sabotage and other objectives. 
We will focus on the Muslims AFTER we have seized political and military control. At that 
point, we will start deportation campaigns. 
Anarcho-nationalism - Preservation of honour in relation to wild animals
As mentioned in another chapter; I have had my share of encounters with the Jihadi 
youth in Oslo. And every time I’ve decided to do everything to avoid conflict using drastic 
steps such as fleeing or, in cases where fleeing is not an alternative, used psychological 
defensive approaches to psyche out the individual (unexpected insults, threats). 
So why didn’t I fight? Surely, I had access to my band of brothers, loyal and proud 
friends, or a close and extended network of people willing to back me up, to help 
neutralise any imaginable threat. Yes, I did have this but chose never to use them or to 
call in favours. I also had access to weapons but chose to never use them. 
So why did I act like a coward and avoided conflict or ran away in some cases?
My mentality towards Jihadi youth changed when I was 15. Jihadi youths usually act 
instinctively, with little concern for long term consequences, just like wild animals. In 
fact, I would say it is a lot easier to push the buttons of a Muslim bully than it is to 
provoke an actual wild animal. 
If you are travelling through a forest and encounter a hostile wolf or bear, what do you 
do? You do the only thing rational, avoid conflict. You don’t begin to wrestle a bear with 
your bare hands, as that would undoubtfully be completely idiotic and irrational. After all, 
it is impossible to lose face or honour to a wild animal. Every patriot should apply the 
same logic in an everyday scenario. Avoid the wild animals and concentrate on the real 
issue which is seizing political and military control of our countries through meaningful 
and structured resistance efforts.  
As for territorial/neighbourhood disputes
If you live in a neighbourhood that is in the later stages of turning into a Muslim ghetto 
then get the hell out. Yes, Europe is in the first stage of a civil war but you must never 
make your neighbourhood your battlefield. The primary essence of warfare is choosing 
your own battles. You do not let your enemies chose the time or place. Do not waste your 
life as a martyr trying to stagger a local Islamic tidal wave in your neighbourhood when it 
is already too late to save it. It is better to regroup and live to fight another day and 
reassess the real objectives. Taking reckless and unnecessary risks will only disallow you 
from playing a nation changing part through the Resistance Movement. Yes, you will be 
able to contribute but it is essential that you decide the place and time to fight and chose 
the right approach and the right arena for your fight. 
In order to prevent Islamisation you must stop the FIRST Muslim moving into your 
neighbourhood and not wait until after 10-100 families have colonised your turf. Never 
allow a single Muslim to move into your neighbourhood. Talk to your neighbours; make 
local arrangements through efficient communication so that no one ever sells a house to 
a Muslim. 

