# 3.118 Online “recruiters” for patriotic armed resistance movements/8th front – a primary administrative tasks

> 原文页码: 1269-1269

National Security Guards (NSG), India (11,5k members, Indian nationalists)
3.118 Online “recruiters” for patriotic armed resistance movements/8th front – 
a primary administrative tasks 
We will in the coming decades (from 2010 and beyond) need leaders/initiative 
takers/administrators that will use the internet/Facebook and other online networks to 
preach and propagate armed resistance against the cultural Marxist hegemony. Seizing 
political and military power in your Western European country is the only way to ensure 
deportations of the Muslims from Europe and actual self-determination for our people. 
This should be done using approaches not conflicting with the laws in relation to hate 
speech. It is a lot you CAN say without breaking any laws. As long as you do not 
propagate use of violence against specific individuals or specific groups (political parties 
etc.) you will not break any laws and can therefore call for all Europeans to join our pan-
European or national resistance movement. Use the intellectual material and justification 
presented in this compendium (charges 1-8) to justify armed resistance against the 
Marxist-Islamic alliance f. example. Create a Facebook group or fan page and start 
marketing towards patriotic Facebook groups, or ask your FB contacts to invite their 
friends etc. You can arrange online presentations on behalf of your own group or be a 
“guest presenter” at other groups and forums. This does not have to be limited to the 
online sphere. You may visit camps, concerts, festivals or conventions and hold your 
presentations to like minded individuals or sympathisers of our cause. Be smart, be 
resourceful and creative. 
This is how Islamist organisations are rallying support for their cause (Global Caliphate) 
among their Muslim brothers in Europe. And this is how we will rally support for our 
cause. They have their mosques and the same spheres. We will use our own forums. It is 
probably the most efficient way of converting sympathisers to actual soldiers and MUST 
be a prioritised task in the decades to come. The essence of these efforts is to channel 
and structure all the resentment towards our elites into constructive action UPWARDS 
(against category A and B traitors), NOT downwards or sideways against the Muslims or 
ANTIFA. 
Preventing prosecution while doing administrative resistance work - knowing 
the definition of censorship legislation [1]
Hate speech is speech perceived to disparage a person or group of people based on their 
social or ethnic group, such as race, gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion (not Islam 
is this is a political ideology), sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, language 
ability, social class, occupation, appearance (height, weight, skin colour, etc.), mental 
capacity, and any other distinction that might be considered by some as a liability. The 
term covers written as well as oral communication and some forms of behaviours in a 
public setting.
In many countries, deliberate use of hate speech is a criminal offence prohibited under 
incitement to hatred legislation. Hate speech does not however include criticism of 
political ideologies. As long as you use vague rhetoric there is no way the hate speech 
legislation can be used against us. F example, instead of using the words kill, execute 
you can use the word punish when referring to how the so called category A and B 

