# 3.116 An official request/plead to all European patriots - Required administrative high priority tasks/objectives

> 原文页码: 1263-1266

team of 1-5 people will then call every individual in that country with f example a net 
worth of more than 100 million Euro and sell in the concept/explain our purpose. 
Remember, we only need one or two large investors’ minimum. This should be possible 
as approximately 35-50%+ of capitalists are cultural conservative and critical of 
multiculturalism and the ongoing Islamisation. An estimated 5-10% of these individuals 
are ideologically confident enough to at least contribute anonymously, aprox 1-2% are 
ideologically confident enough to contribute in an official manner. All we need is an 
individual or two who are willing to start this process and ensure that the ball keeps 
rolling. 
Prior to this process, seeing that individuals depend on an income, it should be created a 
fund for the sole purpose of contributing with “seed capital” to these type of “ideological 
driven business entrepreneurs”. 
3.116 An official request/plead to all European patriots - Required 
administrative high priority tasks/objectives 
Being a part of the European resistance movement involves participating in one of the 8 
cultural conservative political fronts as a direct or indirect political activist. As long as you 
share some of our political views and indirectly or directly work to influence those around 
you, you are per definition a political activist. Most people are political activists without 
even knowing it. The 7 “accepted” political fronts are the fronts that operate within the 
boundaries of the law. They consist of first and foremost; working as a cultural 
conservative professor/teacher/lecturer at a university, working as a journalist/writer for 
conservative media companies or internet sites, working for an NGO (non-government 
organisation), working as a politician, working with intellectual tasks (analytical, 
literature etc) through essay writing, blogging and news commenting and finally being 
involved with street protesting (EDL – English Defence League). All the mentioned tasks 
constitute the legal and accepted aspects of “political resistance” against political 
correctness/cultural Marxism/Islamisation etc. Then we have the illegal 8th front – any 
involvement in the military (or armed) struggle. 
If you think assisting the PCCTS, Knights Templar n any way will involve any military or 
violent actions, you are wrong. Working for the resistance movements in general almost 
always mean participating in legal resistance and will and should not in any way be 
associated to any armed resistance movement. Currently, 99,9% of individuals involved 
in the European resistance movements have never done anything illegal and will and 
should continue to operate within the law. Most individuals are not even aware of the fact 
that they are working indirectly for the European resistance movements when they work 
against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime. 
Considering the fact that there are currently less than 100 individual Justiciar Knights 
spread all over Europe we hereby ask for assistance from our European brothers and 
sisters. On behalf of PCCTS, Knights Templar, we ask that any and all civilian 
sympathisers lend us their assistance with reaching the following objectives. A primary 
task should be to send out the truth (as described in the compendium 2083 – A European 
Declaration of Independence) which includes an “indirect invitation to join us in armed 
resistance. It is absolutely essential that people are presented with the truth ASAP before 
Europe is allowed to be further consumed by Islam and its facilitators. It will be up to 
each European if he or she decides to heed our calling or if he/she would like to wait until 
a later time. Keep in mind that only a small fraction (in phase 1) of resistance related 
work involves military objectives (less than 1%). More than 99% of resistance related 
work revolves around the 7 other non-violent fronts (everything from anti-Sharia 
blogging, essay writing to working for patriotic political parties or NGOs). A very 
important aspect of this non-military effort will involve indirect recruitment work for the 
armed European resistance movement. Our objective is to consolidate all good forces in 
Europe. We are growing every single day but we must do even more to increase the 
ongoing political momentum.
A plead to all European patriots
We hereby ask any and all European patriots to actively target all members of patriotic 
related Facebook groups (and non-FB networks) and invite them as friends, then send 
this compendium to all members of these related groups. Adding 5000 friends will take 
you 200 days with a 50% acceptance rate from one account (50% of the people you 
invite accept).
All patriotic groups on Facebook total more than 2 million so it is quite the task to 
distribute the compendium to all of these people. However, it is the most efficient way to 
contribute to spread the knowledge and invite or remind people of their duty to join one 
of the various European resistance movements. 
Distributing it to all military and police personnel in Western European countries is a 
prioritised task. So is distributing it to all parliamentarians, journalists and cultural 
leaders of both left and right. This will probably be the most important task. Before or 
after the compendium is translated, research the email addresses of as many military 
and police personnel in your country and send them an electronic version of this 
compendium. Getting the truth out to all military personnel and police officers can prove 
to the most important task of all. A majority of them already sympathise with our cause 
(although not all our methods) but it is crucial that they are aware of the current status 
of the resistance movement for future consolidation and cooperation.  
To research military related addresses check Facebook related groups and invite all you 
suspect of being in the police force and military. Join organisations related to the 
military/police and use any method to gain access to military/police email databases.  
Essential administrative objectives - specified
1.
Please contribute to distribute the book, 2083, through Facebook groups or direct 
distribution through Facebook networking/email-farming of nationalistic/patriotic/anti-
Islamisation groups in your country. Inviting 10 000 individuals from a group called f. 
example “Stop Islamisation” will take you 100 days if you have 2 accounts. 10 000 invites 
will result in aprox 4000 email addresses (only 50% will accept invitation and 80% have 
email addresses on their profile). This ratio is possible if you have a quality profile. Direct 
and completely legal marketing efforts like this are an essential method in order to 
contribute to consolidate and grow nationalist forces in Western Europe.  
2.
Send the compendium to ALL members of parliament in your country. Research and acquire 
the email lists of all political parties  in your country and send each member of Parliament 
the compendium. After all, if they do not know our demands of the PCCTS, how can we 
expect them to act? If you research thorough enough political sites on a local level you will 
eventually find the email addresses to all parliament members. The more of these 
individuals are presented with the truth the more will defect now or at a later point. And 
some might join resistance movements. 
3.
Send the compendium to all journalists in your country. Researching the email addresses to 
all the journalists of a news desk should be easier than 2.
4.
Send the compendium to all military and police personnel in your country. This must be a 
prioritised task as we rely on their future vigilance and cooperation. Researching these 
email addresses will be quite difficult but MUST be a prioritised task. Approximately 60% + 
of all military and police personnel sympathise with our cause (if not with our methods). 
Getting enough contributing sympathisers or even agents within the police/military force 
will prove to be crucial especially in phase 2 (2030-2070). A tip for collecting email 
addresses to military or police personnel is to go to memorial sites of fallen Afghanistan 
soldiers or other types of military sites.  
5.
Continue to develop 2083, A European Declaration of Independence. This compendium 
should be considered a draft and everyone with intellectual talents and capacity should 
contribute to develop it further and create better and more thorough editions. Just call the 
next edition; 2083, Edition 2 etc. Keep the language light so that it doesn’t become too 
academic. This will also make it more accessible and easier to translate. You didn’t like a 
specific chapter? Then make it better or replace it with something better. For strategies 
relating to collective editing, you can consider to create an online Wikipedia type solution 
which allows other members of the group to contribute. Obviously, no administrative 
members can or should have any ties whatsoever with front 8 (armed resistance groups) 
as a precaution for your/their own safety. Make sure that you do not break any “hate 
speech laws” and you should be fine. See your country’s specific legislature for details) 
Creating a European database – the mapping of category A and B traitors 
The individual mapping of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist category A and B traitors 
through Facebook cooperation should be a prioritised task.
Create national/pan-European Facebook groups (perhaps affiliated to a site not affiliated 
with Facebook (and hosted in Antigua or another tax/law-haven) with the intention of 
creating a database over all known cultural Marxist category A and B traitors.
It is essential that you conceal this group by making the group as “innocent looking” as 
possible and the group(s) MUST NOT reveal its true intent, as this will violate the 
Facebook guidelines. One example is using a known legal and accepted template and 
perhaps even making it slightly more innocent looking – such as the AIM Facebook 
group:
AIM – Americans for the Impeachment of Marxists (in our case: Europeans for 
the Impeachment of Marxists)
Description (mirror, just modify the text to make it reflect European factors, f example 
mapping all pro-EU individuals (ALL pro-EU politicians are cultural Marxist and/or 
multiculturalists):
Mission - To identify all Marxist sympathisers in the US Government and call for their 
immediate impeachment.
Help us find 1,000,000 Americans who support AIM by the end of 2010! If you support 
AIM, please suggest this page to ALL of your friends, family and those of like mind! 
How to invite friends:
► 1 - Join this group.
► 2 - Click on "Invite People to Join" button in the right menu.
► 3 - Select all of your friends. (You must click on each)
► 4 - Click on the "Send Invitation" button and you're done!
God Bless America!
We are calling for the impeachment of ALL Senators and Representatives who have 
voted, or are planning to vote, to expand the control of government. 
Republican/Democrat/Independent... no matter. We determine their guilt or innocence 
based on their voting record.
Additionally, we are calling for President Barrack Obama's Impeachment for actually 
saying he was a Marxist, as well as not being able to provide proof of American 
citizenship.
We are calling for all Conservative Members of The House of Representatives to bring all 
leftist voting members up for impeachment under the guise that they are voting in 
accordance with Marxists beliefs in order to expand government control over every facet 
of our lives. Because it is unlikely that Congress will impeach itself, it is our sole purpose 
to have these leftists labeled Socialist/Marxists so that their constituency can see them 
for what they truly are and fail to re-elect them in the future. Any damage done to this 
nation should be squarely placed on their shoulders and worn for life. These men and 
women are a disgrace to their offices, and should therefore be labeled and removed. We 
know it sounds old fashion, but folks... we can no longer afford to be lenient in the 
description of those that are harming America. Call a spade a spade.
So Far... AIM has Identified the following Senators: (AGAIN... We DO NOT determine 
association with Marxists beliefs according to party affiliation, only voting record. 
Additionally, this list is incomplete and growing. If you have someone you believe should 
be on it, please let us know. Currently we are looking for more Republicans that deserve 
the label "Marxist.")
ALABAMA:
Rep. Bud Cramer (D)
Rep. Artur Davis (D)
Rep. Bobby Bright (D)
ALASKA:
Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R)
Rep. Mark Begich (D)
Etc.
We are calling for the immediate impeachment of all government representatives who 
vote in accordance with cultural Marxist/multiculturalist/Islamisation views to expand 
government, raise taxes, and destroy civil liberties. They are guilty of treason and should 
be tried as traitors.
Battlefield Wikipedia (see European resistance fighters and the importance of an 
appealing image and ideology - efficient marketing techniques)

