# 3.114 Participation from conservative individuals among the minority groups – Hindus, Buddhists and Christians

> 原文页码: 1259-1259

3.114 Participation from conservative individuals among the minority groups – 
Hindus, Buddhists and Christians
Everyone, absolutely everyone will have the opportunity to show their loyalty to our 
cause, including nationalist European Jews, non-European Christians or Hindu /Buddhist 
Asians. Our sacrifices on behalf of all groups do not come without duties however. 
Understand that if certain factions we reach out to do not respond to our calling in the 
coming decades it might contribute in the future to change the patriotic organisations 
ideologically – into a more ethnocentric line. At the same time, we are aware that a 
majority of minority interest groups are lead by leftwing individuals and as such it is easy 
to understand why they refuse to support any nationalistic groups on various fronts. 
We are the leaders of tomorrow and everyone, absolutely everyone who supports our 
cause will have a place when we seize power. But it is also important to understand that 
groups who have a track record of disloyalty will be granted few concessions. It is simply 
the name of the game.
It is therefore essential that conservative individuals of all minority groups take 
responsibility and ensure that as many as humanly possible from minority groups will 
contribute and work with us. As of now in phase 1 (1999-2030), it is still possible to 
remain neutral without taking sides in the European civil war. But during phase 2 (2030-
2070) most people will have no choice but to flag where they stand. Either you are with 
us, the cultural conservatives/patriotic movements or you are with the cultural 
Marxist/Islamic alliance.
I personally hope that we can count on our conservative Hindu, Buddhist and Christian 
allies from all minority groups. The only way to prevent ethnocentrism from prevailing 
completely is to ensure that all conservatives from minority groups takes responsibility 
and join our fight to take back political control from the cultural Marxists/globalists so 
that we may repulse Islam from Europe for a third time. 
As of now, I still have faith that anti-Marxist/anti-Islamic individuals from all minority 
groups will deliver. 

