# 3.110 Pan-European Movements

> 原文页码: 1251-1251

3.110 Pan-European Movements
Euronat
Euronat is an association of far-right and nationalist European political parties. It was formed on October 9, 2005.
Members of the political association include:
•
Front National (France)
•
Nieuw Rechts / New Right (Netherlands)
•
Fiamma Tricolore (Italy)
•
National Democrats (Sweden)
•
Democracia Nacional (Spain)
•
British National Party (United Kingdom)
There have also been past efforts to combine certain nationalist European parties under the "Euronat" name, mostly incited by 
Jean-Marie Le Pen of the Front National. These parties were said to participate or to be invited to participate in one of the 
earlier efforts:
•
Vlaams Blok (Belgium)
•
MIEP (Hungary)
•
Romania Mare (Romania)
•
Srpska Radikalna Stranka (Serbia)
•
Slovenská národná strana (Slovakia)
•
Sverigedemokraterna (Sweden)
•
Democracia Nacional (Spain)
•
Hellenic Front (Greece)
•
Movimento Sociale Italiano (Italy)
•
National Revival of Poland (Poland)
http://www.euronat.org/ 
European National Front 
European National Front is a coordinating structure of European far-right movements. The European National Front is headed 
by General Secretary, elected by ENF Assembly. The current General Secretary is Roberto Fiore.
Members
Legal registered political parties/movements that accept the principles, aims and structure of ENF can apply for membership. 
The accession to ENF must be submitted by authorised representative of the applicant and then confirmed by Political Council.
Current members:
Forza Nuova (Italy)
Narodowe Odrodzenie Polski (Poland)
Noua Dreaptă (Romania)
Patriotic Alliance (Greece)
La Falange (Spain)
Renouveau Francais (France)
Affiliated Groups
Associations, far-right parties etc., that support aims of ENF and state the world of co-operation. The representative of the 
Affiliated Group sits on the Assembly with advisory vote. The status of the Affiliated Group can be granted by Political Council.
Current affiliated groups:
Partido Nacional Renovador (Portugal)
Nationale Alliantie (Netherlands) (disbanded in 2007)
Bulgarian National Alliance (Bulgaria)
http://www.europeannationalfront.org/

