# 3.117 Using Facebook and other social networking sites as a platform to consolidate and grow the European resistance movement

> 原文页码: 1267-1268

3.117 Using Facebook and other social networking sites as a platform to 
consolidate and grow the European resistance movement
If you are a European patriot and you are not on Facebook you need to shape up and 
adapt. Get on Facebook now and start to network with fellow patriots in all European 
countries. 
Online social networking sites will be essential in the decades to come for 
consolidation/recruitment purposes. Our struggle is not local; it is pan-European and is 
going on in all countries where Europeans live (inter-European). Our struggle should of 
course be on a local community level but it must be combined with the broader struggle. 
What happens in France in the different fronts will influence the UK for good and for 
worse. F example a brilliant English rhetorical analyst should be able to help and coach 
intellectuals in all countries in an easy way through Facebook groups. 
When you invite an individual to your Facebook network you will gain access to their 
email address. You then collect the email addresses as you get more and more contacts. 
When you reach your designated goal (f example 5 000 collected email addresses) you 
send the electronic version of the compendium (as a PDF attachment) with the 
introduction message. Depending on the quality of your email list many who receive the 
compendium will decide to read it and may be inspired to join one of the 8 European 
political resistance fronts. Of course, you will only manage to acquire 20-40% of the 
email addresses of the targeted groups. Nevertheless, plead and ask that they distribute 
it to their networks, their colleagues, families and friends so that everyone receives an 
electronic version. I honestly believe distributing this compendium to as many European 
patriots (and “potential patriots) as humanly possible is the most potentially rewarding 
administrative resistance task anyone can contribute to. All individuals will be presented 
with many aspects of “unknown” truths and they will be inspired to join the resistance in 
some way!
Please distribute this compendium to all individuals in the following groups (and similar 
“patriotic” groups - through their email:
Large patriotic Facebook groups - pan-European groups:
-
Take America Back (19k members)
-
English Defence League (11k members)
-
Ban Islam!! (3k members)
-
Stop Islamisation, wake up Europe (3k members)
-
Stop Islamisation of Europe (5k members)
-
Stop Islamization of America (3k members)
-
Contre l'islamisation de l'Europe / Against Islamisation of Europe (13k members)
-
I Support Israel in the War Against Terrorism (72k members) this groups is full of Western 
patriots (Euro-Americans), not particularly targeted at European nationalists though.
Geert Wilders (fan page – 5k members)
-
Fan pages of every European right wing political party (100-200k members) 
-
Take America Back
Use your imagination; there are hundreds of patriotic Facebook groups out there from 
moderate to more extreme visited by up to 10 million European patriots. Target all! We 
have the truth on our side, and the truth must get out.
Don’t be lazy and think that merely posting the compendium link on groups will be 
enough. You have to be a lot more thorough than that which will involve hundreds 
perhaps thousands of hours invested, inviting each and every member of the group to 
acquire the individuals email address. I spent thousands of hours doing this over a 
duration of more than 6 months (from 2 Facebook accounts) and I, alone, managed to 
send the compendium to more than 8000 dedicated nationalists this way. If only 100 of 
these 8000 heed the call we will be able to send the compendium to 800 000 
nationalists! Please, DO NOT think that others will do this work for you. No one else will. 
If you are unwilling to do this, we have lost. Please, for the love of anything worth 
saving, DO NOT assume that others will do this, because they will not! The fate of Europe 
lies on your shoulders. This is the only correct and productive attitude.
National (regional) groups:
Groups for each country or regional groups, f example:
-
Jeunesse identitaire Européenne 
-
Nei til mer Islamisering av Norge (21k members)
  
(Translation: No to more Islamisation of Norway)
There are several hundred groups full of patriots who should be targeted!
The potential is ENOURMOUS and our support base (Europeans opening their eyes) is 
increasing every single day!
Please contribute to help us win this 70 year war by getting involved with this essential 
task today. I know it’s tempting to be apathetic and let “the others” do this job. 
Unfortunately, there is NO OTHERS, it is only US. If you chose to ignore this task, no one 
else will do your job for you. 
The only individuals who should be spared from administrative tasks are brave heroes 
fighting in the field. It is not recommended that they contribute to administrative tasks 
prior to operations as it will increase the risk of ending up on watch lists. 
If you don’t agree with all the points in the compendium, simply alter it to your own 
liking. The important thing here is to:
-
Stop the ongoing indirect genocide of everything European
-
Stop the European hate-ideology known as multiculturalism
-
Expel Islam from Europe for a third time
This can only be achieved by seizing political and military control. As long as you agree to 
these three points there is absolutely no reason why you should refuse to contribute (due 
to secondary disagreements). It is your own choice whether you put your own ego or 
European values first, but refusing to participate by ignoring the calling will only serve to 
contribute to our collective demise. 
Non-European Facebook groups

