# 3.125 Investments and wealth protection in Europe during phase 2 and 3 – civil war, how to protect your wealth

> 原文页码: 1277-1279

The Serb Volunteer Guard - SDG was a volunteer paramilitary unit founded and led by 
Željko Ražnatović, widely known as Arkan, during the Yugoslav reconquista.
The Guard was created on October 11, 1990 by 20 volunteers, members of the FK Red 
Star Belgrade football club Ultra "Delije Sever". Reportedly at most points the Guard had 
over 10,000 fighters. The Guard's headquarters and training camp was in Erdut, Eastern 
Slavonia.
The Albanian Muslims in Serbia refused deportation and convertion from Islam (and 
instead started armed resistance) and as such were targeted for annihilation.  
Source:
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serb_Volunteer_Guard
3.125 Investments and wealth protection in Europe during phase 2 and 3 – civil 
war, how to protect your wealth
How do you preserve wealth in times when the Four Horsemen (pestilence, war, famine 
and death) are on the loose? 
What's the point of making money if you cannot preserve it?
According to some myths; during WW2 people in Germany would take wheel barrows of 
cash to the grocery store to buy bread and milk. The value of German currency dropped 
so low that people would steal your wheel barrow and dump out the cash.
While the reality wasn’t exactly that grim you shouldn't put too much trust in your 
currency/cash being worth tomorrow what it is today.
During the war prices were often dictated by the government. Money was basically 
worthless because people needed government issued vouchers in order to be allowed to 
buy necessities and they received these only for what the government regarded as 
people's basic needs.
Best investments during phase 2 (2030-2070), predicting the future
The safest place to put money is likely to be in either high on demand items you can use 
for bartering, dividend paying stocks (as opposed to non-dividend, purely speculative 
stocks) gold or even silver.
During WW2, many large investors in the United States, Britain, Germany and Japan 
managed to identify and predict the monumental turning points in the war even as 
individual experts and other observers did not. The U.S. stock market turned upward 
around the Battle of Midway in late May of 1943. The British stock market bottomed just 
before the Battle of Britain in 1940, the German market reached its peak as Hitler's army 
attacked Russia (which marked the German war machine's first big key losses) in 
December 1941. Japan's market peaked in 1942, despite the tightly controlled pro-war 
propaganda published by the Empire's media.
But what are the lessons learned here? For protecting wealth, stocks are better bet than 
bonds (real property can get confiscated). Gold and jewelry can be a great alternative 
but can still end up as “problematic”, especially to convert in the short term as your 
government may temporarily leave the gold standard to counter overinvestment in this 
alternative.
Over the long run, equities (stocks – company ownership) is a good alternative even in 
countries that are losing a war, because historically, even they have managed to beat 
inflation. Just keep in mind that certain companies, especially those companies who are 
aiding the losing side always risk being wiped or expropriated by players on the winning 
side. Some will say that investing in index (a great variety of industries) is the safest bet 
but obviously, predicting which industry will do well is a lot better. 
Another message from history is that even in the “lucky countries” (countries on the 
winning side that don't suffer catastrophic attacks) wealth invested should be diversified. 
There are no magnificent long-term, stocks to put away forever, and there never have 
been because no company has ever had a sustainable, forever competitive advantage. 
Excellence that lasts over multiple decades is virtually nonexistent. Also bear in mind that 
wars will open a lot of windows and in the aftermath lead to accelerated technological 
progress.
Business evolution seems to consist of a company developing a competitive advantage, 
exploiting its edge, and becoming successful. Its share price soars, and soon it is 
discovered and thereafter becomes a growth stock. As the company grows and gets 
bigger, it attracts competition and inevitably becomes less creative and competitive. Then 
as it ages, its growth slows and eventually it stagnates or becomes obsolete. There is 
usually far less innovation in large, mature companies. 
The British East India Company in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries had a total 
monopoly in four countries, possessed worldwide dominance in everything from coffee 
and wool to opium, had its own army and navy, and was actually empowered by the 
Crown to wage war if necessary. However the world changed, it didn't, and its “massive 
core” collapsed in the face of technological innovation. It went out of business in 1873.
In 1917, Forbes published a list of the 100 largest U.S. companies. Over the next 71 
years there was the Great Depression, World War II, the inflation of the 1970s, and the 
spectacular postwar boom. When Forbes reviewed the original list in 1987, 61 of the 
companies no longer existed for one reason or another. Of the rest, 21 still were in 
business but no longer were in the top 100. Only 18 were, and with the exception of 
General Electric and Kodak, they were all underperforming. 
Another study lists a database of the operating performance of 6772 companies across 
40 industries in the postwar era. It was discovered that there was no safe industry. 
Above all, don't hold your eggs in a few big baskets. The old saying: “put all your eggs in 
one basket and then watch the basket” is a myth. The risks of putting all your resources 
in one basket are astronomical.
The History of Gold Prices Since World War II
Gold as an investment is considered as protection against economic troubles. Physical 
gold is used in manufacturing and jewelry as well as a store of wealth for investors. The 
recent history of gold prices has been very volatile.
From WWII (around 1941) until 1971, the US fixed the price of gold at 35 USD per 
ounce. President Nixon eliminated the fixed gold price in 1971, allowing gold prices to 
move with market demand.
After the US dropped the gold standard, gold prices soared, tripling in value hitting $100 
in May 1973. The price varied between 100 USD and 150 USD until the end of 1977. Gold 
moved steadily upward in 1978 and 1979 and peaked at 850 an ounce on Jan 21, 1980.
Gold dropped in price 113 USD on Jan 22, 1980, starting a long downward trend in price. 
The initial drop was to 315 USD in March 1982. Prices exceeded 450 USD at the end of 
1982 and again in April through June of 1987, but the two-decade trend was lower 
prices. By late 2000, gold was around 250 USD per ounce.
Gold prices started a sharp climb in early 2002. It hit 400 USD in December 2003, 500 
USD in December 2005 and 700 USD in May 2006. The previous record of 850 USD was 
passed on Jan. 2, 2008. Gold peaked at 1011 USD on March 17, 2008.
From March 2008 until the end of July 2009 gold fluctuated between 750 USD and 1000 
USD per ounce. 
Gold standard
Studies have indicated that as a conflict progresses and develops (civil war etc) and the 
masses flock to gold this development contributes to a downturn in national economies. 
Many governments will attempt to counter this by suspending gold convertibility (or 
devaluing the currency in gold terms) which again results in a scenario where many 
choose to sell their gold positions to rather place their wealth in the market (stocks, 
bonds, banks) and therefore making an economical national recovery possible. What 
policies countries followed after casting off the gold standard, and what results followed 
varied widely.
Every major currency left the gold standard during the Great Depression. Great Britain 
was the first to do so. Facing speculative attacks on the pound and depleting gold 
reserves in September 1931, the Bank of England ceased exchanging pound notes for 
gold and the pound was floated on foreign exchange markets.
A great depression and its relevance to gold speculation
Great Britain, Japan, and the Scandinavian countries left the gold standard in 1931. 
Other countries, such as Italy and the United States, remained on the gold standard into 
1932 or 1933, while a few countries in the so-called "gold bloc", led by France and 
including Poland, Belgium and Switzerland, stayed on the standard until 1935–1936.
According to later analysis, the earliness with which a country left the gold standard 
reliably predicted its economic recovery. For example, Great Britain and Scandinavia, 
which left the gold standard in 1931, recovered much earlier than France and Belgium, 
which remained on gold much longer. Countries such as China, which had a silver 
standard, almost avoided the depression entirely. The connection between leaving the 
gold standard as a strong predictor of that country's severity of its depression and the 
length of time of its recovery has been shown to be consistent for dozens of countries, 
including developing countries. This partly explains why the experience and length of the 
depression differed between national economies.
Art, And Bonds Are Problematical
Third, the history of Europe during World War II indicates gold and jewelry work fairly 
well to protect a small amount of a wealth. Think of them as your “mad money.” 
However, as noted previously, the history of World War II warns not to keep them in a 

