# 3.124 A politically incorrect guide to the lynching of multiculturalist traitors (phase 2 and 3)

> 原文页码: 1275-1276

operations against any target. Non-violent publicity stunts can be as valuable as military 
operations in some cases. 
3.123 Creating a PCCTS/Knights Templar political wing
The rationale for the overt political-covert military split is to avoid the inflexibility of a 
completely secret organisation. By splitting, the public issues can be addressed overtly, 
while military actions remain covert and intelligence functions stay clandestine.
However, even though no direct ties, a political organisation affiliated with a ”terrorist 
military wing” will result in various forms of persecution of the individuals involved. It will 
most likely result in the leadership giving in to pressure, bribes and as a result granting 
concessions (which the military wing disapproves of), as we saw with the IRA case. On 
several occasions we have witnessed that after successful terrorist operation, EVERY 
known affiliate will be arrested and ”harassed” in various ways. 
To avoid this, the political wing can have NO contact whatsoever with the military order. 
The political organisation must be completely separate. This applies to the paramilitary 
organisation as well. 
The overt organisation must condemn all acts committed by the military order. If they 
don’t, they too will be considered as terrorists. 
The only really potential danger is if the leadership of the “legal” organisation gets 
compromised (or just decides to stop supporting the cause). Every measure must be 
taken to ensure control of the “legal” organisation. The government will likely attempt 
use any means necessary to corrupt the organisation, through bribes, threats etc. If this 
occurs counter measures must be implemented to ensure control. 
The whole purpose for the “legal” organisation is to function as an “indirect” marketing 
channel for the covert military order. A deceitful approach is therefore essential (speaking 
with two tongues).
3.124 A politically incorrect guide to the lynching of multiculturalist traitors 
(phase 2 and 3)
One of Western Europe’s biggest historical mistakes was not to punish/execute Marxists 
after WW2. Marxists who went into hiding during WW2 resurfaced and came back to 
Western European societies after the war. Most of the lynchings were aimed at the 
National Socialists while the Marxists for the most part were left in peace. As we all 
know, that generation of Marxists were going to be instrumental in development and 
propagation of cultural Marxist doctrine in Europe two decades later, which would later be 
known under the name multiculturalism. If we had executed let’s say, 100 000 Marxist 
intellectuals in Western Europe after WW2 and banned all form of Marxist doctrine we 
could have prevented the creation of the anti-European hate ideology known as 
multiculturalism. It’s absolutely essential that we, the cultural conservative patriots of 
Europe do not repeat this mistake again. All our efforts must be to target and execute 
the multiculturalists wherever we find them in Phase 1, 2 and 3 of the European civil war. 
This will also include a large portion of so called “right wing suicidal Humanists/or 
individuals supporting the one-world-view (capitalists/industrialists supporting mass 
Muslim immigration included) but who are not necessarily Marxist sympathisers. Patriotic 
militias must create and update execution lists containing the names of every single 
parliamentarian, journalist, NGO leader/board member and university lecturer/professor 
etc. who has supported and propagated multiculturalist doctrines. As the war comes to 
an end it is critical that the patriotic organisations and military orders systematically hunt 
down and locate every single category A and B traitor in a coordinated effort within a 
specific time frame (7 day operation involving 100 hunters per 1000 traitors optimally). 
Uncoordinated efforts of sporadic executions will only result in a scenario where many of 
our targets are given the time to flee the country. This is why several patriotic 
movements must cooperate on a well coordinated “decisive blow” campaign as soon as 
possible and BEFORE the civil war has ended. It might be tempting to make a spectacle 
out of the celebratory “lynching” of specific targets. However, this type of behaviour is 
counterproductive and not at all tactical as it will draw too much attention and alert other 
cultural Marxist traitors. We must ensure that we focus on eliminating all cultural Marxists 
before they get a chance to flee the country or before they disappear off our radar. Also, 
individuals harbouring any category 1 or 2 traitors must be severely punished. Certain 
category A and B traitors may be incarcerated during the operation (if there is sufficient 
capacity and manpower) with the intention for an official celebratory lynching at a later 
point (to boost moral for our forces etc).
The reason why we should do it as described above is because of what history has taught 
us. If we hesitate or act due to moral reservations or act in a clumsy way, a majority of 
the traitors will flee the country and immediately and actively start undermining our 
cause from another country. If they succeed and our newborn regime collapses they will 
return and continue business as usual as our slave masters. We cannot trust that the 
courts will punish them severely enough. History proves time and time again that a large 
majority of post-war governments chooses the path of appeasement because they simply 
are unable to make a “tough decision”. They also want to “heal the national wounds 
quickly” and will be hesitant to allow mass killings of traitors. Another problem is that the 
court proceedings involving the traitors after the war will take from 1-3 years. Waiting 
this long will still the thirst for blood and revenge. A required rational response will be 
replaced with emotional appeasement. A post-war government must NEVER be trusted to 
sufficiently punish traitors. The risk of a repetition of a WW2 scenario is just too large. 
Another factor is that a majority of the category A and B traitors will have an extensive 
global political network which they will use to put pressure on our regime. They simply 
have too much political power as long as they are alive.  
The biggest threat to an effective and thorough lynching campaign is the temptation to 
commence the deportation of Muslims. This is why the lynching force should only contain 
soldiers under professional leadership with the given “unofficial and clandestine” 
mandate. 
An illustration of several successful and decisive campaigns:
-
Serb Volunteer Guard – SDG[1]
-
Type: Paramilitary organisation
-
Size: 10 000+
-
Garrison HQ: Belgrade
-
Nickname: Arkan's Tigers, The Tigers
-
Commander: Željko Ražnatović
-
Second in command: Colonel Nebojsa Djordjevic Suca and Milorad Ulemek Legija.

