# 3.121 From clandestine cells to more advanced military movements

> 原文页码: 1273-1273

Western European Civil War Phase 2
European Civil War, Phase 2, 2030-2070
- Islam, 15-60% based on country
- Consolidation continues, more advanced forms of resistance groups.
- Preparation for pan-European coups.
3.121 From clandestine cells to more advanced military movements
Considerations:
1.
Traditional: the slowest to form, this reflects a principally indigenous insurgency, 
initially with limited goals. It is more secure than others, as it tends to grow from people with 
social, cultural or family ties. The insurgents resent a government that has failed to recognise 
cultural groups "who perceive that the government has denied their rights and interests and 
work to establish or restore them. 
2.
Subversive: Usually driven by an organisation that contains at least some of the 
governing elite, some being sympathisers already in place, and others who penetrate the 
government. When they use violence, it has a specific purpose, such as coercing voters, 
intimidating officials, and disrupting and discrediting the government. Typically, there is a 
political arm (e.g., Sinn Fein or the National Liberation Front) that directs the military in 
planning carefully coordinated violence. "Employment of violence is designed to show the 
system to be incompetent and to provoke the government to an excessively violent response 
which further undermines its legitimacy." The Nazi rise to power, in the 1930s, is an example 
of subversion. Nazi members of parliament and street fighters were hardly clandestine, but 
the overall plan of the Nazi leadership to gain control of the nation was hidden. "A subversive 
insurgency is suited to a more permissive political environment which allows the insurgents to 
use both legal and illegal methods to accomplish their goals. Effective government resistance 
may convert this to a critical-cell model.
3.
Critical-cell: Critical cell is useful when the political climate becomes less permissive 
than one that allowed shadow cells. While other cell types try to form intelligence cells within 
the government, this type sets up "shadow government" cells that, once the system is 
destroyed both by external means and the internal subversion, until they can seize power. 
This model fits the classic coup d’état, and often tries to minimise violence. "Insurgents also 
seek to infiltrate the government's institutions, but their object is to destroy the system from 
within." Clandestine cells form inside the government. "The use of violence remains covert 
until the government is so weakened that the insurgency's superior organisation seizes power, 
supported by the armed force. One variation of this pattern is when the insurgent leadership 
permits the popular revolution to destroy the existing government, then emerges to direct the 
formation of a new government. Another variation is seen in the Cuban revolution and is 
referred to as the foco (or Cuban model) insurgency. This model involves a single, armed cell 
which emerges in the midst of degenerating government legitimacy and becomes the nucleus 
around which mass popular support rallies. The insurgents use this support to establish 
control and erect new institutions."
4.
Mass-oriented: where the subversive and covert-cell systems work from within the 
government, the mass-oriented builds a government completely outside the existing one, with 
the intention of replacing it. Such "insurgents patiently construct a base of passive and active 
political supporters, while simultaneously building a large armed element of guerrilla and 
regular forces. They plan a protracted campaign of increasing violence to destroy the 
government and its institutions from the outside. They have a well-developed ideology and 

