# 3.120 Christian/nationalist consolidation and considerations in Muslim-dominated Western European prisons

> 原文页码: 1270-1272

traitors will or should be treated. This is something Muslims are using when they preach 
“Jihad against the infidels”. The terms are vague so it is impossible to prosecute them.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_speech
3.119 Teach your children the truth and do not allow them to be indoctrinated 
by cultural Marxist/multiculturalist propaganda
Having many children is pointless, even counter-productive, if you fail to teach them the 
truth and allow them to be indoctrinated by cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist propaganda. 
You are practically a God in your children’s life and exercise unrestricted influence until 
they are 14 years, so use this time wisely to ensure that they adopt your world view. 
It is essential that you teach them about the hate-ideologies known as multiculturalism 
and Islam and that you teach them about the category A and B traitors and at least the 
basics of our patriotic struggle. 
3.120 Christian/nationalist consolidation and considerations in Muslim-
dominated Western European prisons 
Although Western European regimes do not normally allow conventional torture, they 
actively use indirect torture as a method to torment right wing political dissidents. They 
do this by placing us, the nationalists and Crusaders together with Jihadists and therefore 
indirectly use the Muslims as a tool for torture and/or murder of our brothers.  By 
preventing Christian-Islamic segregation in Western European prisons, and considering 
the fact that they knowingly place Crusaders of Jihadists in the same “cage” they are 
fully responsible for the atrocities committed by Muslims against any and all European 
conservative/resistance fighter/Crusader in prison. Many of our European brothers in the 
prison systems are often harassed beaten and forced to convert to Islam or suffer the 
consequences.
This scenario can be compared to that of the early Knights Templar’s during the 
Crusades. On some occasions, Knights Templar’s would be captured by Muslim forces and 
forced to reject God (even to spit on the cross in many cases) and convert to Islam. This 
is why our ancestors created several counter measures and developed simulations to 
coach their soldiers in how to prevent death by deceiving the enemy. It is accepted to 
reject God and even to spit on the cross as long as your heart is pure. It is permitted to 
pretend you are converting to Islam as long as you do it to prevent murder or torture 
and as long as you repent later. War is deceit, after all. Knights Templar military training, 
almost 1000 years ago, included several of these simulations. In retrospect, these 
practices lead to heresy charges brought by the Catholic Church against the Knights 
Templar, although it has later been proved that this was propagated by corrupt Church 
leaders conspiring with the French king.
Western European prison systems and Islam
These practices of consolidation and proper coaching must be revived now as we are in 
the start of the current European civil war, and the third large Crusade. The 
conservative/nationalist forces of Europe will not be in a position, for at least several 
decades, to mass deport Muslims so we must suffer under Islam for many years to come. 
In the mean while, it is essential that we do everything in our power to consolidate and 
coach our brothers and sister to tackle the current hardships, especially in the prison 
systems.  Because in Western Europe, as of 2010, Islam dominates an increasing number 
of European prisons and are forcefully converting many of our brothers just like they did 
1000 years ago. The criminal multiculturalist regimes refuse to segregate Muslims and 
Christians (even Crusaders and Jihadists), so in turn; many of our brothers are currently 
suffering under prison-dhimmitude/slavery. 
Consolidation is survival, apathy means death
Naïve Marxist-humanist principles of the bourgeois carry little merit in Western European 
prisons where principles of natural law is dominant in many if not all aspects of the 
system. A Justiciar Knight will therefore find himself under circumstances where he will 
be able to befriend many likeminded individuals who have similar political views. 
However, he should be well aware of the growing Islamist criminal networks and certain 
sell-out European traitors who have embraced the Islamic cause.   
It is our, the incarcerated Justiciar Knights, responsibility to attempt to consolidate 
European anti-Jihadi forces in our Western European prison systems so that non-Muslims 
(especially European Christians but also Christian agnostics and Christian atheists) are in 
a position where they can resist dhimmitude (harassment/slavery) within the walls of our 
prisons. 
European patriots should take steps to create a Crusader movement within our prison 
systems with the intention of offering protection to all individuals involved with the 
movement. Optimally, the movement should be political (nationalist) and not based on 
ethnocentrism; offering membership to all non-Muslims. Realistically however, it is naïve 
to assume that a prison movement of this calibre would form on the basis than anything 
else than ethnocentric lines. It is up to each and every incarcerated Justiciar Knight to 
take the initiative to form prison movements. Justiciar Knights are often resourceful and 
idealistic enough to make such ventures possible, and in light of their achievements, they 
carry much credibility and will often be considered at the top of the unofficial prison 
hierarchy. It is however, not realistic to form European prison movements based on the 
principles of the PCCTS, Knights Templar as it is often the “laws of the jungle” and pure 
and cynical natural laws that take precedent in prison. 
Any Justiciar Knight, in any of the Western European prison systems attempting to form 
prison movements, is limited to and is forced to conform to his environment. The 
Justiciar Knight will quickly be labelled as a “moronic preacher” if he tries to shove the 
“codex of the selfless perfect knight” down the throat of hardened and often self centred 
criminals which in turn may undermine his efforts. He must therefore be realistic and 
adapt to his environment and “speak a language which can be understood”.
Prison networks are often formed based on the pursuit for control of specific financial 
segments within the prison walls; f example the drug trade, access to cell phones and 
other goods etc. It is not necessarily desirable or smart move to attempt to undermine 
established non-Muslim prison hierarchies. Optimally, the network in which we will 
attempt to establish will optimally be purely based on political, cultural and religious 
consolidation. 
Efforts to consolidate and recruit patriotic resistance fighters in Western European prisons 
must be a prioritized task the coming decades. Prisons are considered an ideal arena for 
which to recruit for political purposes. Measures must be taken by patriotic minded 
individuals in order to contribute to recruitment to the European Resistance Movement. 
One of our primary goals should be to transform the Western European prison systems 
into “training barracks” from where we draw many of our forces. 
The strategies should include:
Creating a rival and equivalent European/Christian prison network to that of the Islamic 
networks
Intimidating and threatening prison staff and other inmates who are attempting to 
undermine our efforts if necessary
Using prison visits to communicate with followers and allies in the outside world. Visitors 
may also be used to forward messages to be displayed and published online (on facebook, 
twitter and forums and sites)
Holding alternative Sunday prayers to draw other prisoners away from the official prison 
services
Producing and distributing ideological literature within, and for distribution beyond the 
prison population with the intention of convincing our brothers to join our struggle to 
reclaim our countries through military means
Distribution of literature written by sympathetic figures, who has spent time in jail 
themselves, will have more appeal than literature from academic “rocking-chair-generals” 

