# 3.128 Preparation for Phase 3 (2070-2083) Coup d'état

> 原文页码: 1286-1287

The category A/B traitor in question will then be evaluated by the leadership tribunal of 
the National Resistance Movement who will make a decision based on all available 
factors. They may issue a full pardon, a partial pardon or they may reject the request for 
pardon completely. The category A/B traitor in question will be contacted if he is granted 
a full/partial pardon. If he/she is granted a partial pardon the individual in question must 
allow the National Resistance Movement to expropriate a substantial portion of his 
property and funds which will be used to fund the resistance. The category A/B traitor 
will then be granted guarantees of immunity from future persecution.   
3.128 Preparation for Phase 3 (2070-2083) Coup d'état 
“I began the revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I would do it with 10 or 15 who 
had absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and a plan of 
action.”
Fidel Castro
A coup d’état , often simply called a coup, is the sudden overthrow of a government by 
a part of the state establishment, usually the military, to replace the branch of the 
stricken government, either with another civil government or with a military government.
The coup d’état succeeds if its opponents fail to thwart the usurpers, allowing them to 
consolidate their positions, obtain the surrender of the overthrown government or 
acquiescence of the populace and the surviving armed forces, and thus claim legitimacy. 
Coups d’état typically use the power of the existing government for the takeover. As 
Edward Luttwak remarks in Coup d'État: A Practical Handbook: A coup consists of the 
infiltration of a small, but critical, segment of the state apparatus, which is then used to 
displace the government from its control of the remainder. In this sense, the use of 
either military or another organised force is not the defining feature of a coup d'état.
Tactically, a coup d’état usually involves control by an active portion of the country's 
military, while neutralising the remainder of the armed services' possible counteraction. 
The acting group captures or expels the political and military leaders, seizes physical 
control of the most important government offices, means of communication, and the 
physical infrastructure, such as key streets and electric power plants.
Types of coups d’état
A coup d’état also is classified by the rank of the military men leading the governmental 
overthrow. A Veto coup d’état or Guardian coup d’état is led by the army's top 
commanding officers (usually generals). Sometimes the commander-in-chief, or a few 
very top commanders are excluded, as being appointees of and loyal to the sitting 
regime. 
In a Breakthrough coup d’état the leaders are junior officers (colonels or below), or 
even non-commissioned officers (sergeants), and most of the army's senior officers are 
displaced too. 
A bloodless coup d’état is when the threat of violence is sufficient to depose the 
incumbent government with no fighting, and there are no subsequent executions of the 
deposed faction. However, a "bloodless coup d’état" is not always truly non-violent. 
Napoleon's 18 Brumaire coup d’état is considered an exemplar "bloodless coup", but 
during the coup, legislators were forcibly ejected from their meeting place by soldiers. In 
1889, Brazil became a republic via a bloodless coup. In 1999, Pervez Musharraf assumed 
power in Pakistan via a bloodless coup, and, in 2006, Sonthi Boonyaratglin assumed 
power in Thailand as the leader of the Council for Democratic Reform under 
Constitutional Monarchy.
The term self-coup applies when the incumbent government, aided and abetted by the 
military, assumes extraordinary powers not allowed by law. The historical example is 
President, and later French Emperor, Louis Napoléon Bonaparte. A modern example is 
Alberto Fujimori in Peru, who, though elected, in 1992 assumed control of legislative and 
the judicial branches of government, installing himself as an authoritarian ruler. The 
assumption of "emergency powers" by King Gyanendra of Nepal was a self-coup.
Besides Luttwak's non-military coup d’état, Samuel P. Huntington identifies three classes 
of coup d’état:
Breakthrough coup d’état: a revolutionary army overthrows a traditional government 
and creates a new bureaucratic elite. Generally led by non-commissioned officers (NCOs) or 
junior officers and happen once. Examples are China in 1911, Bulgaria in 1944, Egypt in 
1952, Greece in 1967, Libya in 1969 and Liberia in 1980.
Guardian coup d’état: the "musical chairs" coup d’état. The stated aim of which is 
improving public order, efficiency, and ending corruption. There usually is no fundamental 
change to the power structure. Generally, the leaders portray their actions as a temporary 
and unfortunate necessity. An early example is the coup d’état by Sulla, in 88 B.C., 
replacing the elected leader Marius in Rome. A contemporary instance is the civilian Prime 
Minister of Pakistan Zulfikar Ali Bhutto's overthrow by Chief of Army Staff General 
Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in 1977, who cited widespread civil disorder and impending civil war 
as his justification. In 1999, General Pervez Musharraf overthrew Pakistani Prime Minister 
Nawaz Sharif on the same grounds. Nations with guardian coups can frequently shift back 
and forth between civilian and military governments. Example countries include Pakistan, 
Turkey, and Thailand. A “bloodless coup” usually arises from the Guardian coup d’état.
Veto coup d’état: occurs when the army vetoes the people's mass participation and social 
mobilisation in governing themselves. In such a case, the army confronts and suppresses 
large-scale, broad-based civil opposition, tending to fascist repression and killing, the prime 
example is the coup d’état in Chile in 1973 against the elected Socialist President Salvador 
Allende Gossens by the Chilean military, aided by the CIA.
Post-military-coup governments
After the coup d’état, the military face the matter of what type of government to 
establish. In Latin America, it was common for the post-coup government to be led by a 
junta, a committee of the chiefs of staff of the armed forces. A common form of African 
post-coup government is the revolutionary assembly, a quasi-legislative body elected by 
the army. In Pakistan, the military leader typically assumes the title of chief martial law 
administrator.
Europe transitional governments
•
Greece (1923-1929; 1936-1941; 1967-1974)

