# 3.122 Objectives in Phase 2

> 原文页码: 1274-1274

carefully determine their objectives. They are highly organised and effectively use propaganda 
and guerrilla action to mobilise forces for a direct political and military challenge to the 
government." The revolution that produced the Peoples' Republic of China, the American 
Revolution, and the Shining Path insurgency in Peru are examples of the mass-oriented 
model. Once established, this type of insurgency is extremely difficult to defeat because of its 
great depth of organisation.
3.122 Objectives in Phase 2
Continue to build and consolidate our base of support
Continue guerrilla warfare against the Multiculturalist Alliance through a constant 
campaign of shock attacks. The objective is to continue to demoralise them. It is a simple 
strategy of repeated pin-pricks and bleedings that will sap the will of the MA to continue 
the fight.
By carrying out courageous actions, the Justiciar Knights will illustrate to the people that 
the powerful are vulnerable. This will inspire admiration and respect, not only with the 
people, but often in the ranks of the military and police as well. There are numerous 
incidents of high-ranking officers in the military or police force, disgusted by the attitudes 
and behaviour of the ruling elite, who would withdraw their troops and withhold them 
from the fighting, and in some cases even pledge themselves to the revolutionary 
government. This happened in Spain, in Russia, in Mexico and to a lesser extent in 
Central America, as well. Displays of bravery coupled with upright behaviour can win over 
to the guerrilla's side those who have been apathetic or even opposed to their actions. 
Not all who serve the powerful enjoy their roles.
Go to great lengths to map individuals in the intelligence bureau for potential 
recruitment. Our biggest strength is that we know that around 40-50% of all men 
sympathise and around 60-80% of all men empathise with our cause. The numbers for 
females are 10-20% and 40-50%.  
Use any means necessary to map employees in your National Intelligence Agency. 
Identify candidates that are likely to be recruited based on this screening process. Single 
men from 30-60, who live close by (or have earlier lived in or close to) Muslim ghettos 
are logical choices. The chance will increase if that person have had military service in a 
Muslim country or served as a “street officer” in the police force. An individual who has 
had close contact with Muslims in the past usually have a negative view on Islam and are 
thus likely candidates.
Clandestine Cell Systems  
Solo and duo cells will play an important part in Phase 2 as well. It might be time to 
experiment with larger cell structures (3-4 with an external case officer). Each 
clandestine cell operator knows the people in his own cell, perhaps the external case 
officer, and an emergency method, not necessarily a person, to contact higher levels if 
the case officer or cell leader is captured.
Compromised brothers
Brothers who have been compromised (flagged and under surveillance by the national 
intelligence agency) will not be able to continue contact with any cell. He can however, on 
his own initiative prepare and execute solo missions, either PR stunts or solo military 

