# 3.126 Building a cultural conservative paramilitary/militia organisation

> 原文页码: 1280-1284

safe deposit box in-country. Conquerors demand the key, and your bank will give it to 
them. Have your own safe deposit box at home or secrete your valuables in a safe haven. 
Above all don't tell anyone. When your neighbour's children are starving (as so many 
were in the lawless winters of 1945 and 1946), they will do anything. If the barbarians 
come next time as a terrorist attack or a plague, you are going to want to have your mad 
money close at hand.
Fourth, art is not particularly good either. It is vulnerable to destruction by fire, can easily 
be damaged, quickly plundered, and it's difficult to hide. At the end of the war, Warsaw 
alone reported 13,512 missing works of art of one kind or another. That said, some 
Europeans successfully removed valuable pictures from their frames and smuggled the 
canvases out of their home countries and transported them to safe havens. The caveat 
was that when they tried to sell them, they were only able to get a fraction of their true 
value.
Fifth, at least based on the last century, fixed-income investments are nowhere near as 
good as equities. Even in the Lucky countries, they provided returns far below stocks, 
although they did offer much lower volatility. Across the various countries, bonds had a 
standard deviation about half of that of equities, and bills had volatility about a quarter 
that of equities. In terms of liquidity, they were fine. Fixed income markets remained 
relatively liquid in London and New York throughout the war years.
In the Losers [Germany, Japan, Italy, et al.], fixed income had severely negative returns, 
and although government paper is normally considered to be relatively risk free, German 
bill investors lost everything in 1923, and German bonds investors lost over 92 percent in 
real terms after World War I. Admittedly inflation was virulent in a war-torn world, and 
fixed income is not the place to be in such an environment. In the chaotic, disorderly 
environment of the war years in the Loser nations, you can't sell bonds or cash in bills 
any more that you can trade stocks. However there was a period in the 1930s when 
because of deflation, bonds were the best performing asset everywhere.
Conclusion
Precious metals, especially gold, jewelry and high in demand items such as perhaps 
weapons, armour, ammunition, gasoline, survival kits, hermetic food/rations and 
investments/buying stocks in “production facilities” such as farms is likely to be 
considered relatively safe investments. However, farms or other production facilities may 
be expropriated by the cultural Marxist regime or the resistance movement for shorter or 
longer periods. Investing in foreign companies located in a neutral country that produces 
f. example weapons, ammunition, rations or offers transportation in some way (shipping, 
bulk, tank etc.) are likely to be good investments. 
3.126 Building a cultural conservative paramilitary/militia organisation 
“Marxist logic deemed our culture and traditions not worth saving. Marxist logic, however, 
does not account for the power of free will. It’s up to each of us to prove that our cultures 
and traditions are worth saving. Don’t sit and wait for others to do your job and duty for 
you. Join the resistance today…“
The foundation for forming militias will be linked to your government’s success in keeping 
unemployment figures low, and their ability to contain Islamic terror. If your government 
fail on both areas, it will be a lot easier to form and create a large militia group. During 
Phase 2, measures should be taken to build and/or develop a conservative para-military 
organisation in each country (1000 members per million citizens). This means that a 
country with 4 million inhabitants should aim for at least 4000 members, a country with 
60 million inhabitants, 60 000 members etc. 
A para-military is a force whose function and organisation are similar to those of a 
professional military force, but which is not regarded as having the same status. 
The term paramilitary is subjective, depending on what is considered similar to a military 
force, and what status a force is considered to have. The nature of paramilitary forces 
therefore varies greatly according to the speaker and the context. For instance, in 
Northern Ireland, paramilitary refers to any illegally armed group with a political purpose, 
but in Colombia, paramilitary refers specifically to illegally armed groups which are 
considered right-wing (for example AUC), while illegally armed groups considered left-
wing, such as FARC, are referred to as guerrillas.
Increasing your power base
Entrepreneurial-minded leaders must take the initiative to the form and consolidate 
larger networks/organisations both nationally and across Europe. 
We must reach a common consensus of goals and agreeing on a final manifest (which will 
be used in phase 3) with other conservative organisations. Consolidate and stream line 
websites, information and strategy in accordance with the approved manifest. 
Recruitment
Create student organisations on as many Universities/Colleges as possible with the goal 
of recruiting. 
Head-hunters/recruiters - recruit target individuals - establishing contact with military 
officers, politicians, private investors and other relevant and potential allies in all areas of 
society. Efforts should be made to attempt to merge and recruit similar organisations 
under our banner.
Diplomacy
Creates and maintains diplomatic relations with other factions, organisations which are 
considered neutral or friendly:
Establish and consolidate support from religious communities:
-
Protestant community
-
Catholic community
-
Jewish community
-
Hindu community
-
Sikh community
Sub cultures
Attempt to establish and consolidate support from various sub cultures. It’s important to 
have “sub culture” representation for the secondary effect it will result in. This will also 
counter deliberate attempts to stereotype us. 
Traditional militia building 
If there isn't a militia or paramilitary group for your area - MAKE ONE!
Building a militia or para-military group is the efforts to create an organisation designed 
to function and perform as a military unit. The organisation may start out as a street 
demonstrating organisation like the EDL or it may start of as a paramilitary organisation. 
The organisation may need to be established in a clever way to avoid scrutiny or perhaps 
even state persecution. Covers such as a “Modern Warfare” club, a Boy Scout 
organisation or a street demonstrating organisation may work as efficient covers. The 
organisation must ensure that it follows all laws to avoid persecution and deconstruction 
efforts by the government. No illegal weapons should be acquired as it may jeopardise 
the organisation as a whole.Various forms of deception is likely to be required in phase 1 
(2010-2030).
A leader or founder of a local militia must initially fulfill the following roles until he is able 
to delegate tasks to fellow officers/leaders: 
•
Administrative officer
•
Communications officer (diplomatic role, handling PR, and building political alliances)
•
Intelligence officer
•
Recruitment officer
•
Training officer
•
Utility/equipment (acquisition) officer
•
Safe storage officer (weaponry/ammunition/armour storage caches)
•
Vehicle/vehicle repair officer
Establishing a HQ
Military organisations of all types must support a wide range of administrative functions 
including personnel management, accounting, and procurement. Some facilities are quite 
similar to civilian office buildings while others are converted from other military uses and 
can be quite idiosyncratic.
A small facility, farm (rural) or office space (urban) may be set up for administrative 
purposes (does not have to consist of more than 1-2 rooms in the beginning)
Commissary Facilities
Traditionally, military units provided most of the rations, uniforms, and other supplies 
needed by most military personnel. However, modern units often provide fewer items and 
many personnel must buy some items with their own funds. Personnel with families also 
must buy food, clothing, and other necessities for the family.
Temporary solutions may involve sharing a room in the HQ.  
Mess
“Mess” is the military term for any facility serving food to large groups. Some mess halls 
in remote locations can be rudimentary, but others in established locations can be similar 
to modern cafeterias.
Temporary arrangements can be made with the local café, cafeteria or restaurant.
Training Facilities
Traditional military training facilities focused on physical conditioning and skills training. 
Newer facilities make extensive use of computer simulations of various kinds to provide 
more hours or training in more realistic situations at lower cost and with lower risk to 
personnel.
Temporary arrangements can be made with the local gun club, the local gym and an 
internet café which facilitates multiplayer Modern Warfare 2 simulation.
Recruitment base – existing patriotic organisations
•
Political parties
•
Gun clubs
•
Military/police organisations
•
Boy scout movements
•
Football support clubs
•
Any patriotic movement
Create a nice website, a blog and establish a nice looking Facebook page. Use Facebook 
to market the organisation. Just keep in mind that social networking sites such as 
Facebook have strict guidelines so deception must be employed. Facebook is the most 
efficient way to recruit. 
Initial funding
Members should contribute to fund the activities in the beginning. The leader may 
contact sympathising NGOs or other organisations for sponsor funding. Funds from 
private individuals are also an option.
Militia building and its role in phase 2
The paramilitary organisation will remain in training/standby mode until the window of 
opportunity arises during phase 2. This window of opportunity could be a sudden 
momentum created in the neighbouring country (a coup or uprising leading to the 
overthrow of the government). Be prepared to execute a coup but ensure that you have 
a solid alliance prior to execution of operation. 
Imagine the following scenario: France, UK or Germany is liberated after a right wing 
coup or after a progressive revolution leading to the overthrow of the cultural Marxist 
leadership.
Imagine if you are in a small country with a disorganised nationalist militia movement. 
The following strategies may be implemented in smaller countries such as Norway, 
Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg etc.
The objective of this guide is to show you how to take advantage of a political uprising in 
your neighbouring country and use this momentum to your benefit to stage a coup in 
your own country. 
Factors needed to succeed with coup
The leader of militia/resistance need to live and/or be present in the capital city with a 
force of at least 100 well armed resistance fighters willing to die for the cause. All 
national militia leaders should be informed of the updated status given by the national 
militia commander.
A command central with radio/walkie capability needs to be established for all major 
cities prior to launch of operation. The command central needs to be secure with a 
backup solution in case of sabotage.
You need at least one senior officer or 2-3 junior officers in the police force willing to do 
what he can to work with you. Your insider(s) need to be aware of the coup plans and 
ready to ensure that the police response team will not aid the regime leaders.
You need at least one senior officer or 2-3 junior officers in the national military willing to 
do what he can to work with you. Your insider(s) need to be aware of the coup plans and 
ready to ensure that the military response team will not aid the regime leaders.
Your force of 100 resistance fighters should know what to do. The total force should split 
up in 3;. one unit of 20 will secure the parliament building, one unit of 40 will secure the 
national broadcasting company. You must be ready to broadcast immediately declaring 
that you are the leader of the national military, that martial law has been implemented 
and that the constitution has been temporarily suspended. You must urge all 
nationalists/patriots to assemble at fixed (pre-determined) rally points in all major cities. 
Each major city will have a militia leader with his own unit and pre-determined tasks. 
It is likely that an armed confrontation between certain loyalist police officers/military 
personnel and your militia occur so they have to be prepared for this. 

