# 3.127 A full or partial pardon may be granted to many category A, B and C traitors in phase 2

> 原文页码: 1285-1285

3.127 A full or partial pardon may be granted to many category A, B and C 
traitors in phase 2 
The tide will turn for the European Resistance Movements in phase 2 of the European civil 
war and many will sense that the cultural conservatives/ nationalists will eventually 
manage to seize political and military power. As a result of this shift, we will see a mass 
defection in the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist camp or at least a public flagging of 
sympathy to our cause.  Many cultural Marxists/multiculturalists will eventually notice 
that the “rats are abandoning their sinking ship” during phase 2 (2030-2070). At this 
point in time, they will panic, knowing that they are on the extermination list of every 
armed nationalist resistance movement in Europe.  
Unless a specific category A/B traitor have committed grave crimes, or unless we are 
close to winning (if it can still benefit us), we should contribute to provide incentives 
which will result in a scenario where a number of our enemies will defect given that they 
follow certain specified steps. They must publicly admit to their crimes listed in charges: 
1-8 and ask the people for forgiveness by following these steps: 
They must post an official “Declaration of Defection” in the largest national newspaper 
where the individual in question has citizenship. The declaration of defection must 
contain the following format and information:
Example – Declaration of Defection 
Declaration of Defection
“Full name” – “country of citizenship”
I, “full name”, hereby acknowledge that I have betrayed my country and people by committing one, 
several or all of the following crimes listed here (charges 1-8): “Paste in fuctional URL containing the 
full description of charges 1-8 in your language and English”.
I hereby admit and acknowledge that multiculturalism is a European hate-ideology designed to 
deconstruct European identity, cultures, traditions and nation states. I used to support this anti-
European hate-ideology. However, I no longer support the European cultural and demographical 
genocide.   
Furthermore, I hereby pledge my support to the nationalist resistance movement in my country. I send 
my deepest apology to all European nationalists for my indirect involvement in their past persecution. 
This persecution was illegal, unconstitutional and undemocratic. I hereby pledge my allegiance to the 
nationalist cause and will from now on support them or refrain from criticising them. 
Sincere regards,
“Full name” – “country of citizenship”
“3 Previous job titles/occupation and year of employment” (specification required so all individuals may 
be able to identify, f example: Parliamentarian for the British Labour Party, 2005-2009 etc.)

