# 3.129 Recommendations for cultural conservative senior and junior military officers (phase 1, 2 and 3)

> 原文页码: 1288-1289

•
Poland (1918-1922; 1926-1935; 1981-1983)
•
Portugal (1917-1921; 1926-1930; 1968-1976)
•
Spain (1923-1930; 1939-1975)
Middle Eastern transitional governments
•
Turkey (1960-1961; 1980-1982)
Military declaring Martial Law
Martial law is the system of rules that takes effect when the military takes control of the 
normal administration of justice.
Examples of this form of military rule include Germany and Japan after World War II. 
Martial Law can be used by governments to enforce their rule; for example, after a coup 
d'état (F ex. Thailand 2006), in order to keep riots and protest down or when threatened 
by popular protests (Tiananmen Square protests of 1989), or to crack down on the 
opposition (Poland 1981).
In many countries martial law imposes particular rules, one of which is curfew. Often, 
under this system, the administration of justice is left to a military tribunal, called a 
court-martial. 
Egypt example
In Egypt, a State of Emergency has been imposed almost continuously since 1967 CE 
Due to the assassination of President Anwar el-Sadat in 1981, martial law was declared. 
Egypt has been under martial law ever since - the Parliament has renewed the 
emergency laws every three years since they were imposed. The legislation was last 
extended in 2003 and was due to expire at the end of May 2006; plans were in place to 
replace them with new anti-terrorism laws, but after the Dahab bombings in April, 
martial law was renewed for another two years.
Martial law allows the government to detain anyone deemed to be threatening state 
security for renewable 45-day periods without court orders and also give military courts 
the power to try civilians.
Public demonstrations are banned under the legislation.
3.129 Recommendations for cultural conservative senior and junior military 
officers (phase 1, 2 and 3)
It’s not a secret that a majority of senior/junior military officers throughout Europe are 
disgusted with the current development in regards to the Islamisation of Europe. These 
officers know that confrontations are unavoidable and are monitoring the situation 
closely. However, do not expect many officers to risk their necks just yet. It’s also 
important to know that there are many senior loyalist officers who do not share our 
goals. It’s essential that you take precautions when you develop your cultural 
conservative network. When the time is right, these loyalist officers will be dealt with 
(Phase 3). Until then, simply avoid them.   
Phase 1 suggestions
Creating national and pan-European covert networks
Creating covert networks with like minded individuals (cultural conservatives) in your 
countries and in other Western European countries is essential. 
The networks objectives
Mapping of potential members or sympathisers (individuals considered as loyal to the 
conservative network). 
Mapping of potential security risks (individuals considered as loyal to the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist government)
Creating a thorough overview of exactly which senior/junior officers are likely to be loyal 
to the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist government.
Expand network but restrict distribution of sensitive data to a minimum of individuals (by 
f example using ranking system).
Acquire intelligence from foreign networks, in regards to potential cooperation, or 
acquiring information related to the objectives and agendas (f example: if the Belgian 
network plan to execute a ”breakthrough coup d'état in exactly 18 months, you will like 
to know).
Security measures
Creating covert groups by using ”covers” can be a good idea. F example through 
facebook groups involving Historical military memorabilia/artefacts etc. NATO training 
campaigns can be a good way of meeting face to face to avoid the possibility of electronic 
or telephonic monitoring. There should be ”initiations” which require the individual to be 
screened and background checked thoroughly and perhaps given ”recruit” status for as 
long as up to 4 years. Creating 10 levels/ranks of ”clearance” can be a good idea (it 
would then take 10 years for a recruit to get access to the most sensitive data. Rank 5 
members cannot share rank 5 data with rank 4 members etc. 
Potential dangers
Avoid telephonic, electronic or written correspondence at all costs as this can be 
monitored by National or foreign intelligence.
Keep in mind that your cultural Marxist/multiculturalist government (of senior officers 
loyal to your regime) at any point can attempt to ”plant” intelligence agents in order to 
try to uncover ”illegal” networks. Make sure that you are taking all precautions necessary 
and simulate potential scenarios (have backup plans available for any potential situation).
Phase 2 suggestions

