# 3.139 Distinguishing between cultural Christendom and religious Christendom – reforming our suicidal Church

> 原文页码: 1307-1307

criminal behaviour being one. A majority of Rom are unwilling to assimilate to European 
culture and norms.
A realistic solution would be to give the Rom/gypsies a nation of their own as they are 
totalling approximately 5 million individuals worldwide (with a majority living in Eastern 
Europe). They should be granted land in Eastern Anatolia after we liberate West/East 
Anatolia at the end of this century. Problem solved and a potential future genocide 
prevented. This option will be given to those unwilling to assimilate.
3.139 Distinguishing between cultural Christendom and religious Christendom – 
reforming our suicidal Church
A majority of so called agnostics and atheists in Europe are cultural conservative 
Christians without even knowing it. So what is the difference between cultural Christians 
and religious Christians?
If you have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ and God then you are a religious 
Christian. Myself and many more like me do not necessarily have a personal relationship 
with Jesus Christ and God. We do however believe in Christianity as a cultural, social, 
identity and moral platform. This makes us Christian.
A majority of Christians, especially liberal, humanist Christians oppose the doctrines of 
self defence. I believe that self defence is a central part of Christianity as documented in 
another part of this book. The modern day pacifist Christianity is among other things a 
result of our current regimes and their deliberate influence of the Church. They castrated 
and made the Church impotent and irrelevant, we will rejuvenate it by implementing our 
own reforms. But pragmatism will be the basis for which direction we chose to go. A 
strong church (on certain areas) is essential for the unity of our European countries.
It is essential that we preserve and even strengthen the Church and European 
Christendom in general (by awarding it more political influence on certain areas),  when 
it comes to the moral, cultural and social aspects of society. It should even be granted 
monopoly on certain areas to strengthen European cohesion/unity. This does not mean 
that we will continue allow the feminist-liberal, humanist faction of the Church to 
propagate its pacifist-humanist (suicidal) views/anti self defence doctrines. The Church 
must be anti-pacifist in the manner that it actively preaches self-defence and even 
support preemptive strikes as a mechanic to safeguard either Christian minorities in 
Muslim dominated areas or even Europe itself. We must ensure that a sustainable and 
traditional version of Christendom is propagated. This will involve that we take decisive 
steps to disallow the liberal leaders of the church to prevent them from committing 
suicide. We must ensure that the churches of Europe propagate an values that are 
sustainable and that will even contribute to safeguard Christian European values long 
term. European Christendom and the cross will be the symbol in which every cultural 
conservative can unite under in our common defence. It should serve as the uniting 
symbol for all Europeans whether they are agnostic or atheists.

