# 3.131 European Civil War, Phase 3, 2070-2083

> 原文页码: 1293-1293

Western European Civil War Phase 3
3.131 European Civil War, Phase 3, 2070-2083
-
The flood of demands is calculated to break the budget, jam the bureaucratic gears into 
gridlock, and bring the system crashing down. Fear, turmoil, violence and economic 
collapse would accompany such a breakdown providing perfect conditions for fostering 
radical change.
-
Waiting for the right time to strike or create an opportunity. This can be accomplished by 
arranging incidents (assassinations or terror attacks on mosques during Id celebration etc) 
which would trigger major Muslim riots. If the riots are violent enough it can serve as a 
perfect occasion for the coup.
-
Execution of the coup. 
-
Create a Military Tribunal (acting government).
-
Declare Martial Law (state of emergency).
-
Establishment of a new government (if when the time is right). 
-
Implement military and militia strategy (consolidating internal forces). 
-
Coordinate with international allies, Russian military commanders (consolidating external 
forces). 
-
Arrest hostiles in your country (eliminate internal threats).
-
Ensure that demonstrations and protests (peaceful or violent) are put down.
-
It will take as much as 6-24 months until stability has been established (depending on 
country and the political reactions from neighbouring countries). 
-
This will vary depending on methods used. 
-
Implementation of the political manifest should start immediately but discretly. 
-
We can’t expect to reverse decades of indoctrination over night. In fact, attempting to do 
so will prove catastrophic. 

