# 3.134 Deportation policy (preventive measures)

> 原文页码: 1300-1300

armed and trained the Muslims in Serbia (UCK) and bombed their roads, railroad tracks 
and their aerial fleet. Serbs do not have a coastline so there are limited means for 
efficient deportation methods. As they were stripped of all options, they did the only 
thing they could; they fought the Muslims. However, as we all know, this is exactly what 
NATO was waiting for and it created the justification needed to initiate massive bombing 
campaigns and a subsequent invasion of southern Serbia (Kosovo), in cooperation with 
the Islamist UCK. 
It was also unfortunate timing for Serbia as it was during the inauguration of President 
Putin (after two terms with Boris Jeltsin in Russia). Putin lacked the political confidence at 
the time to intervene and help Russia’s cousin. 
A single nation has to be very careful. Optimally, it should wait for other countries to join 
a larger alliance (European Federation) before taking any drastic steps. It should not give 
the US any justification to initiate bombing campaign or even launch an invasion. The UK, 
France and Russia have hundreds of nuclear weapons, so as soon as one these countries 
are liberated from multiculturalist rule (or as soon as Russia joins) it will prevent the US 
from intervening in such a manner.
If the US presses on and attempts to keep the UK and France as a slave nation (US 
cultural and economical dominance enforced by the US military is slavery), it is likely that 
it will backfire in the most devastating manner. Because, a people do not appreciate 
being slaves of another nation. They may do everything to ensure their freedom even if it 
involves launching 200 nukes from tactically placed submarines placed strategically 
outside the US east coast, inflicting massive harm on the US. Yes, the US will retaliate 
and annihilate that country. However, it is sometimes better to live one day as a lion than 
an eternity as a sheep. It is better to martyr yourself for a good cause (freedom from 
slavery), than to be a slave. The sacrifice that country makes is likely to prevent the US 
from intervening in other European countries in the future as the US East Coast will be 
completely devastated.
Let us hope that the US (Democratic and Republican party) allows us, their European 
cultural and economical crown vassals, to liberate ourselves and deport the Muslims 
without them militarily intervening. We shouldn’t forget that we have many allies in the 
US including a sizable faction of the Republican Party. There are signals that might 
indicate that the US will not intervene militarily after we begin liberating ourselves in the 
coming decades. We must continue to work close with our US allies to prevent this from 
happening.
Further studies:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Covert_U.S._regime_change_actions
3.134 Deportation policy (preventive measures) 
When the time is right and the new government (or Military Tribunal) are confident they 
can handle deportations the following suggestions should be considered.
All Muslims will be given the following choice: 
Willing terms of Deportation

