# 3.132 Predicted actions from other cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes

> 原文页码: 1294-1295

3.132 Predicted actions from other cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes
When the French people rise up during phase 3 lead by right wing movements we should 
keep in mind that the UK and the US will likely implement measures to prevent the 
French people from creating a right wing regime opposed to multiculturalism. 
Why would they act against the French right wing?
They want to protect their own interest. It is in their interest to ensure that they maintain 
their hegemony and a “stable market”, a weak and obedient France (importer of US, UK 
goods and services) which is unable to implement any effective regulations. In essence, 
they want to control France like they control Serbia and other nations. 
US policy when EU and/or NATO countries are attacked
"Our first objective is to prevent the re-emergence of a new rival... we must maintain the 
mechanisms for deterring potential competitors from even aspiring to a larger regional or 
global role."
Pentagon's Planning Guidance for the Fiscal Years 1994 - 1999, a USA planning document
When LIC (low intensity conflicts) threatens friends and allies, the aim of security 
assistance is to ensure that their military institutions can provide security for their 
citizens and government.""The United States will also employ combat operations in 
exceptional circumstances when it cannot protect its national interests by other means. 
When a US response is called for, it must be in accordance with the principles of 
international and domestic law. These principles affirm the inherent right of states to use 
force in individual or collective self-defence against armed attack.
What this basically means is that the US and the UK will send Special Forces to put down 
any “right wing coup” attempts to “secure their interests”.
This will mean that the French right wing should and must seek protection by a third 
party (guarantor) prior to the coup. The reason for this is as the “new right wing 
government” will be extremely vulnerable the first 6 months and it might not survive a 
US/UK military campaign. This “third party” can only be Russia. 
Counter measures (taken against any potential US/UK military campaign)
Prior to any coup, Russia will announce a training mission outside the Norwegian coast. 
With the Russian defensive force (naval, air and ground) in place they will be available 
upon request within 6 hours (if the UK and the US decide to strike)
In addition - Countering any NATO response by employing Guerrilla warfare:
Cuba would later show again its masterful grip on guerrilla warfare when it defeated 
American invaders at the Bay of Pigs (Playa Girón) in 1961. In less than 74 hours guerrillas 
defeated over 1500 armed, trained invaders from the United States. In addition to being a 
profound victory for the working class, it shattered the myth of the imperialist United 
States’ invincibility. 
Expect a full NATO military campaign. The Western establishment will condemn the coup 
and use harsh rhetoric, call for boycotts etc. They may threaten to invade if France goes 
ahead with deportations. The Muslim populations in France are expected to entrench and 
refuse all deportation attempts by attempting to declare independence (enclaves). They 
may also call for military assistance from the Global Islamic Ummah and from Muslims in 
neighbouring countries. Their strategy will most likely be to entrench and refuse 
deportation in the hopes that NATO or the neighbouring countries will invade and 
overthrow the current regime. 
The new government will be labelled illegitimate and condemned by the UN. 
Both China and Russia will most likely block the UN Security Council (in favour of the new 
regime) so this automatically throws the ball to the NATO council. We know already that 
the Western establishment will never accept a government with a nuclear arsenal which 
they will label as extreme right wing. An invasion in the planning is therefore expected 
without a doubt. 
The only realistic choice of preventing an invasion and a subsequent counter-coup would 
be that Russia in agreement with the current government has pre-arranged an already 
accepted protectorate alliance where a speedy force of Russian units rush from Russia’s 
North Western military bases and reach the shores of France within 6-10 hours and assist 
the French military to prevent any invasion attempt. Everything has to be planned and 
coordinated between the Russians and the new French government. It is of the utmost 
importance that a substantial Russian force reaches strategical areas in France before 
NATO will react by sending forces via neighbouring countries (German military base f 
example). It has to be 100% clear on the Russian side that any attempts of counter coup 
from the Western establishment will result in nuclear strike against the initiating party.
This will be a once in a lifetime opportunity to create and declare France as an Islam free 
zone. 
If successful and the new French government manages to overcome the impending 
challenges it will set a new standard, and other European countries are likely to follow. 
There are already fractions of the military, political scene on all administrative levels in 
business and state level in every European country that wants the same. A successful 
“re-conquista” of one European country will therefore most likely result in a chain 
reaction until the day all Muslims have been deported from European soil. 
Other resources for future nationalist Tribunal leaders:
Take all precautions against economical hitmen sent by the US

