# 3.130 The political landscape in W. Europe, 2070-2080, before the initiation of Phase 3

> 原文页码: 1290-1292

Cooperation with cultural conservative militias/military orders
During phase 2 you should consider establishing and/or maintaining contact with 
conservative/nationalist militias or other ”military orders”.
Cooperation with Russia
At one point in time the national conservative network leader will have to consider 
establishing contact and attempt to cooperate with the Russian Ministry of Defence, 
Russian Ground Forces or Russian Special Forces (Spetsnaz) through FSB (Federal 
Security Service)
We must assume that any future attempt of Coup d'état against your cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regime will result in a NATO response. As such, you will need the 
assistance of Russia to counter this response. 
3.130 The political landscape in W. Europe, 2070-2080, before the initiation of 
Phase 3
“A revolution always seems hopeless and impossible the day before it breaks out and 
indeed never does break out until it seems hopeless and impossible.”
George Bernard Shaw
Description of relevant factors:
France, 2069 (end of phase 2)
Population 120 million whereas 60 million Muslims. Integration and assimilation of a 
majority of the Muslims have failed. There are now 4 huge Muslim enclaves in different 
parts of France. The country went bankrupt in 2060 and unemployment rates are around 
30% (60% unemployment rate among Muslims). Several Muslim militia groups have 
been formed along with several French Ultranationalist groups. The French control the 
military and all institutions of importance. There are weekly terror attacks against French 
civilians and other targets. Assassinations are not uncommon. There are weekly rioting, 
arsons which results in widespread devastation of property. Several Muslim organisations 
demand autonomy, and the right to implement more Sharia laws. 
A specific event triggers armed conflict which escalates into widespread street battles in 
all 4 enclaves. Many armed Muslims are killed by the French military including several 
indirect casualties (among them Muslim children). The event is caught on tape and 
distributed across Europe. Widespread rioting starts all over Western Europe…
The leading ultranationalist group have been waiting for this opportunity for years, and 
have planned every detail for a coup d’état. This has been coordinated with several key 
military commanders.
They strike against the weak cultural Marxist/multiculturalist government with full force. 
They have several military contacts in the Russian Army and Russian naval strike forces 
has been prepared and are only 8 hours away with the purpose of intercepting any 
German or UK military response.
Thanks to the Russian fleet any counter coup is avoided. The first cultural conservative 
government in Western Europe is being established. Within 20 years from that day, there 
are no cultural Marxist/multiculturalist governments left in Western Europe.
Let’s pause for a second. 
Historically, even though the people have been in great distress and face chaos and 
bloodshed many people still cling to the hope of peace through appeasement (30% of 
men, 70% of women). They will simply refuse to contribute to deportations or any other 
pragmatic/rational and effective solution, something that is simply against their nature 
(after decades of indoctrination of pacifistic views). 
Christian Lebanon is a good example. Instead of striking when they were in majority they 
waited until the Muslims were in majority. Many Christian groups were sabotaging any 
rational (war) approach and wanted instead more appeasement. This continued until the 
civil war finally broke out.  
It is unthinkable for these people to make the necessary tough calls (rational decisions). 
We will illustrate this through the following question: 
If you could save 1000 individuals by sacrificing 100 people - would you 
contribute to indirectly kill these 100?
Every rational individual knows the only answer to this. Unfortunately 70% of females 
and 30% of men are simply unable to make this decision. Decades of pacifist 
indoctrination have made them simply unable to defend themselves. Let’s refer to this 
group of society as the ”pacifists”. 
This is the political reality we are being forced to cope with, so you should be aware of 
the expected political circumstances even when a people are close to obliteration. 
A good illustration is the political climate in Israel at the moment (March 09). The main 
Israeli attacks on the Syrians (referred to as Palestinians by the mass media) have 
ended. These actions of self defence were initiated after a continuous rain of rockets for 
years. 
Here is the result from the Israeli election (categorised in regards to the Muslim/Jewish 
conflict):
Moderate/liberal:
Kadima (Tzipi Livni): 28 mandates (-1)
Labour Party: (Ehud Barak): 13 (-6)
Total: 41
Neutral
Shas (religious) 11 
Right wing:
Likud (Netanyahu): 27 (+15)
Yisrael Beiteinu: 15 (+4)
Total: 42
Other parties:
United Torah Judaism: 5 
United Arab List–Ta'al: 4 
National Union: 4 
Hadash: 4 
New Movement-Meretz: 3 
The Jewish Home: 3 
Balad: 3
Total number of Knesset seats: 120
It’s worth noting that Netanyahu has already found allies in right wing Yisrael Beiteinu 
and in the religious Shas but has avoided creating a right wing alliance because he knows 
it would collide with the US Obama administration.
I have to agree on the current strategy. The political climate of the world does simply not 
allow small right wing players to exercise any form of power as long as the EU and the 
US are controlled by cultural Marxists/multiculturalists. However, the interesting thing is 
that it shows that a nation under distress and literally where it is ”raining rockets” is still 
considerably moderate/liberal due to ”pacifists”.
It’s also important to note that the Israeli illustration (of political climate) is not really 
comparable to any Western European country. The reason is that Israel has a very small 
group of Muslims who are eligible to vote. In contrast, the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
elites of Western European countries have given most of the Muslim residents the right to 
vote. In fact, Muslims as a voter group and political block is a significant one and their 
importance in European politics increase from year to year. 
As we have discussed so many times before, the problem arises when you add the 
cultural Marxists/multiculturalists, the suicidal humanists, the globalist capitalists, the 
pacifists and the Muslim Block. It is simply impossible to compete democratically with this 
alliance. Even less so in the future when the cultural Marxists have imported hundreds of 
thousands of new voters, and Muslims in general give birth to new generations of voters. 
We have lost the democratic battle of Europe. It is unrealistic to believe that we can save 
Europe through democratic struggle from a future reality where Muslims will be in the 
majority. The democratic battle for Europe was probably lost before year 2000 
(theoretically, and differing based on country ofc), which is around 40 years after the 
EU’s Eurabia project was initiated. 
Dialogue with the MA (Multiculturalist Alliance) - aprox 1960-1999
Obviously, there is still a democratic struggle ongoing (from moderate non-violent forces) 
and this will continue in tandem with the armed struggle until we succeed.

