# 3.137 Cultural conservative/nationalist reforms during and after phase 3

> 原文页码: 1303-1304

countries must have a pan-European plan to fend off any ideological attacks from the 
remaining EUSSR/USASSR cultural block;
News agencies and/or related Media companies (private and public)
Foreign ownership of news agencies and/or related media companies
Foreign ownership of news agencies and/or related media companies should be 
prohibited. Exceptions can be made if the foreign entity is considered ”friendly” (cultural 
conservatives).
Re-organising of news agencies and/or related media companies
Administration, Board of directors and staff must be screened thoroughly. Background 
checks must be done for all individuals. Individuals who have historically supported a 
multiculturalist view should be replaced and/or re-educated by cultural conservatives. 
This includes all journalists/editors/ publishers. Alternatively, a minimum of 50% has to 
sympathise with cultural conservative political principles.
Arrest any category A, B or C traitors. 
Dealing with foreign or partial-foreign news agencies and/or related media 
companies
F example foreign companies with broadcasting rights in given country (TV, satellite, 
radio, and internet).
Demands will be presented. Study how the current Chinese or Russia handles these 
issues. Certain foreign news agencies and/or equivalent media companies will be 
considered hostile political entities (political propaganda centers).  
Re-organising the educational sector 
Universities, colleges, high school, secondary and primary schools etc. 
Administrations, Board of directors and staff must be screened thoroughly. Background 
checks must be done for all individuals. Individuals who have historically supported a 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist view should be replaced by cultural conservatives and/or 
re-educated. 
Furthermore, School/university curriculums must be revised thoroughly. 
Arrest any category A, B or C traitors. 
3.137 Cultural conservative/nationalist reforms during and after phase 3
1.
Prevent Islamic influence and repel all current Islamic elements in Europe. 
2.
Initiation of European cultural renaissance (With emphasis on Educational and cultural 
reforms). 
3.
Militarily assist cultural conservative movements in neighbouring countries.
4.
Assist with coups in neighbouring countries and consolidate forces (with friendly new 
cultural conservative governments). 
The current political systems will be reformed (emphasis on converting current Western 
European political systems to constitutional democracies (certain “managed areas”). This 
will include reforms on the following fields:
Defence 
Culture (Religious and cultural reforms). Islam will be reclassified as a totalitarian, 
genocidal and racist political ideology (on par with national socialism and 
multiculturalism) and subsequently banned. 
-
Multiculturalism, an anti-European hate-ideology
-
National Socialism, an anti-Jewish hate-ideology
-
Islam, an anti-Christian, Jewish, Hindu, Buddhist, Atheist hate-ideology
All traces of current and past Islamic influences in Europe will be removed. This includes 
mosques and Islamic cultural centers. All Muslims will be deported from European 
territory.
Individuals who converted to a ”friendly religion/ideology” in phase 1. and 2. and who 
accepted the assimilation requirements will be considered European citizens. All 
individuals of the Buddhist, Hindu, Jewish or otherwise ”friendly faiths/ideologies will be 
regarded as friends/allies/brothers and sisters of all Europeans and may not be subject to 
the same assimilation demands now or in the future.
Secondary goals
Disallow current and future European political Russo-phobic activity. This includes 
disallowing the current anti-Russian activities lead by several EU countries (the UK and 
Nordic countries in particular). 
These anti-Russian activities has been ongoing for more than 100 years and peaked 
during the British Prime Minister Disraeli’s reign (when the UK agreed to protect the 
Islamic Ottoman Empire from Russia receiving Cyprus in return).  
We acknowledge that integrating Russia and the ”former” EU will be challenging (due to 
decades of anti Russian propaganda in certain EU countries) but we will succeed 
providing that Russia accepts our demands. 

