# 3.136 Recommendations for future cultural conservative/nationalist regimes when forming and developing government

> 原文页码: 1302-1302

50% Less unemployment subsidies 
40% less subsidies to correctional institutions
30% less subsidies to kinder-garden type organisations
30 less subsidies to schools 
20% less subsidies to colleges, universities
Inflow of immigrants from ethnic Europeans in neighbouring countries and from Muslim 
dominated cities and countries throughout Europe. 
Mosques and Islamic cultural centers are to be demolished or converted.
Crime would go down by more than 50%
Economic sanctions from Muslim countries:
Expect boycott and sanctions from all Islamic countries:
Economic sanctions from non-Muslim countries:
Expect 100% economic boycott from the EU and all non-Muslim countries except Russia, 
India, China and Serbia (possibly certain other East European countries depending on the 
amount of Pressure from the Western Establishment.
Short term terrorist/Islamist attacks (before and during deportations):
Guaranteed, as a majority of Muslims will refuse to be deported. It is expected that they 
will rally, entrench and resist.
Long term Jihadi terrorist threats:
Minimal to none as there are no Muslims left in the country. 
3.136 Recommendations for future cultural conservative/nationalist regimes 
when forming and developing government
No controversial societal reforms, which could result in public outrage/forming of violent 
anti-nationalist movements etc., should be initiated until the country is completely 
secured and stabilised (reform/consolidation of the police forces and the military) and 
before incotrinated groups have been able to learn and familiarise themselves with the 
full truth about cultural Marxism/multiculturalism. 
When the country is secured, the process of reforming it may begin gradually (f example 
by following the principles/agenda put forth by the pan-European nationalist 
movements/governments). Know that winning the peace will be a lot more difficult thatn 
winning the war so complete and thourough doctrines must be developed as early as 
possible. It may prove beneficial if several countries follow the same policies as these 

