# 3.138 After the civil war – how to win the peace, creating a sustainable balance between conservatism and liberalism

> 原文页码: 1305-1306

Emphasis will be put on cultural and educational reforms in order to complete this 
objective. Historical information concerning past European anti-Russian political leaders 
will be revised. It is essential in this process that past opportunistic traitors such as 
Disraeli are labelled as traitors to all Europeans and that we conclude, cheer and 
acknowledge the fact that Russia did indeed play the primary role in crushing the Islamic 
Ottoman Empire, liberating millions of Europeans from Dhimmitude and thus deserves 
the gratitude of all Europeans.
Opportunistic anti-European activities such as those of the Disraeli government (and 
similar regimes) will be condemned as traitorous acts. Any Christian country that allies 
itself with a Muslim country against a Christian cousin should in the future be considered 
as an enemy of all Christian countries. 
Once political and military control has been secured in at least one of the following 
countries we will initiate our secondary goals:
 
-
France
-
Germany
-
United Kingdom 
When one of the above ”key” countries are liberated from the grasp of the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist elites we will continue to support our European brothers to 
eliminate the rest of the MA100 (Multiculturalist Alliance) 
Any European cultural conservative country (with the exception of the above) should be 
very careful to initiate any hostile acts (deportations etc.) unless it has the support of 
any of the above (or Russia).
3.138 After the civil war – how to win the peace, creating a sustainable balance 
between conservatism and liberalism
“First they ignored us, then they laughed at us, then they fought us - then we won. “
Mahatma Gandhi
Finding the perfect balance between liberalism and conservatism will prove to be a very 
challenging task. It is hard to please everyone and certain groups will always be 
disappointed. It might be tempting to just implement all the conservative policies we 
prefer considering we have political and military control. However, it should be our 
primary goal to acknowledge and respect the extreme liberals and try to appease them. 
The Marxists – our enemy
Marxists (all category A and B traitors) will be shown no mercy whatsoever. They will all 
be executed due to their war crimes listed in point 1-8. 
Appeasing the extreme liberals  
Let’s be realistic. Less than 10% of a country’s population are extreme Marxists and less 
than 10% are extreme cultural conservatives. The great bulk of our people are moderate 
people who just want the right of self determination and the opportunity to live a happy 
and meaningful life. It is our task to provide everyone the opportunities they desire as 
long as it doesn’t severely undermine the long term sustainability/stability of the country. 
A Marxist is always a liberal (except for the authoritarians) but a liberal is not always a 
Marxist. There is a great deal of liberal individuals who want unrestrained freedoms for 
themselves while some radically conservative want to live like the Amish. The challenge 
is finding a sustainable and optimal balance. 
The following suggestion will contribute to reconciliation between a majority of people:
Create inner city zones where extreme liberals will be offered to live and work. These 
zones should have regulated/controlled entry points. Everyone leaving and entering will 
be registered to avoid excessive cultural contamination:
There should be at least one of these liberal zones per country (extreme Las Vegas 
style). Suggested liberal zone regulation:
-
Radically liberal in regards to moral and ethical standards
-
Unrestricted access to alcohol, marihuana, prostitution and entertainment (hard drugs 
will still be illegal).
-
Unrestricted possibilities for artistical, sexual, cultural expression (exceptions are 
political messages that indirectly/directly undermine the best interest of the nation 
state such as many Marxist political doctrines).
-
Alternative schools – providing that they are residents in the zone (up for 
consideration).
-
Separate media – radically liberal – no censorship (with exception of political 
propaganda). Access to the liberal media networks will be limited to residents of the 
liberal zone to avoid unnecessary cultural contamination.
Points may be added or ignored based on future circumstances and other considerations. 
What do to with all the discontent moderate Marxists?
Keep in mind that many of these individuals are victim of four decades of multicultural 
(cultural Marxist) indoctrination and should not be considered enemies of the state (with 
the exception of category A, B and C traitors). A majority of moderate Marxists is likely to 
choose to live in liberal zones. 
Eastern Europe
Appeasing the Eastern European cultural conservatives
There is a great risk that the Rom/gypsies in the future will be severely persecuted in 
Eastern Europe. They even risk being massacred. How can we avoid this?
A majority of the Rom/gypsies are descendants of Hindu slaves brought to Europe 
through Hindu Kush by the Ottoman Caliphate. Approximately 100 000 Rom slaves were 
left behind after the Battle of Vienna in 1683. They were never invited by Europeans and 
are today resented by a great deal of Eastern Europeans for various reasons, their 

