# 3.133 The cultural/economical American Empire - dealing with a tyrant - why the Democratic and the Republican Party cannot be trusted

> 原文页码: 1296-1299

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confessions_of_an_Economic_Hit_Man
3.133 The cultural/economical American Empire - dealing with a tyrant - why 
the Democratic and the Republican Party cannot be trusted
"From 1945 to the end of the [20th] century, the USA attempted to overthrow more than 
40 foreign governments, and to crush more than 30 populist-nationalist movements 
struggling against intolerable regimes. In the process, the USA caused the end of life for 
several million people, and condemned many millions more to a life of agony and despair".
William Blum, USA writer from the book, “Rogue State”
The US is the last Empire on earth. It doesn’t control its vassal states through direct 
territorial domination but rather through cultural and economical domination. It will 
generally allow their vassals (especially their Western European crown vassals) self 
determination as long as they don’t implement policies (cultural/economical) that hurts 
the US in any way. The US indirectly controls Europe, especially Western Europe, a legacy 
which it has maintained since WW2 and through the cold war until today. And of course, 
we have the many banana republic’s of Latin America, most of which are now included in 
the US cultural/economical Empire. The same goes for many African and Middle Eastern 
states. The US, often assisted by its other vassal states (through NATO) has ensured to 
place corrupt puppet leaders in charge of the majority of Muslim countries. 
The difference between the Middle Eastern and Latin American vassal states on the one 
hand and its European vassals is that we are consider crown vassals with extra rights in 
the US cultural/economical Empire.
Methods used by the US to ensure order in the vassal states:
•
Threats/diplomacy
•
Psychological warfare (through its affiliated media corporations)
•
Various other forms of intervention including cultural, economical and military means
•
Economical hitmen, as soon as there is a regime shift in one of the vassal states (where a 
hostile leader emerges) the US will first send an economical hitman to demand loyalty from 
the new ruler. The hitman will present an offer; he will say f example; in one pocket I have 
1 billion dollars which is a gift to you (or a suitable sum depending on several factors). In 
the other pocket I have a gun, which we will use to kill you should you refuse our first offer. 
The choice is yours. They will list multiple former regimes they have toppled/state leaders 
they have murdered etc. to attempt to scare the new regime from turning down the offer. 
Since 1945, the USA has been responsible either directly or indirectly of helping remove 
dozens of governments, many democratically elected, around the world. Sometimes the 
events are kept secret for years and only slowly come out. Other times, the events are 
the cause of demonstrations, anger and resentment at the time they occur.
Whenever, an event like this occurs there are two reasons to be considered:
Reason 1: The reason given by the USA, its media and its friends around the world. 
Reasons like Communism, Terrorism, Fascism, Human Rights, Freedom, Liberation, 
Weapons of Mass Destruction, etc.
Reason 2: The actual reason. This is usually hidden from the general public and has to be 
looked for in quotes by under-reported officials or subsequent events on the ground. 
Often, the victims of the intervention/change of government know the real reasons better 
than the populations of the Western countries. Real reasons are many but usually include 
Business Interests, Access to Resources, Markets, Military Bases, Strategic Value, or 
Political Support.
In the list below only successful changes of government and other substantial political 
interventions are listed. Many attempts have failed. Cuba is the best example of this. 
European incidents in bold:
Past US interventions
Year
Country
Reason Given
Actual Reason
1949
Syria
Communism
Elected government against USA political 
interests and pro-Palestinian.
1949
Greece
Communism
Elected government against USA 
political and economic interests.
1952
Cuba
None
Elected government against USA 
business interests.
1953
Iran
None
Elected government against USA oil 
interests.
1953
Br. Guyana
None
Access to sugar and bauxite.
1954
Guatemala
Communism
Elected government against USA 
business interests.
1955
S. Vietnam
Communism
French backed leader replaced by USA 
backed leader.
1957
Haiti
Haiti is near the USA
Previous government against USA 
business interests.
1958
Laos
None
Pro-USA government wanted.
1959
Laos
None
Pro-USA government wanted.
1960
S. Korea
Communism
Previous leader not strong enough for 
USA.
1960
Laos
None
Pro-USA government wanted.
1960
Ecuador
Communism
Previous government too independent in 
foreign policy.
1963
Dominican R.
Business Interests
Elected government against USA 
business interests.
1963
S. Vietnam
None
Previous leader's policies led to televised 
suicides.
1963
Honduras
Communism
Pro-USA government and access to 
resources.
1963
Guatemala
Communism
Military government was about to allow 
elections.
1963
Ecuador
None
Elected government too independent.
1964
Brazil
Communism
Access to resources and cheap labour.
1964
Bolivia
Communism
Previous government too independent in 
foreign policy.
1965
Zaire
None
Access to cobalt, copper and diamonds.
1966
Ghana
None
Previous government too independent in 
foreign policy.
1967
Greece
None
Military bases.
1970
Cambodia
None
Previous king against USA political 
interests.
1970
Bolivia
None
Country took ownership of its oil and tin.
1972
El Salvador
Communism
Elected leader against USA business 
interests.
1973
Chile
Communism
Elected government against USA 
business interests.
1975
Australia
None
Elected government had unsuitable 
foreign policy.
1979
South Korea
None
Pro-USA government wanted.
1980
Liberia
Democracy
Pro-USA government wanted.
1982
Chad
None
Pro-USA government wanted.
1983
Grenada
Democracy
Pro-USA government wanted.
1987
Fiji
Democracy
Previous elected government supported 
nuclear-free Pacific.
1992-
1994
Serbia 
Montenegro
Human rights violation
Divide and conquer strategy. Initiation 
of blockade of Serbia and Montenegro.
1993-
1999
Bosnia
Human rights violation
Divide and conquer strategy. Jets, 
bombing No-fly zone patrolled in civil 
war; downed jets, bombed Serbs. 
Divide and conquer strategy.
1999
Serbia
Human rights violation (War on 
Fascism)
Pro-USA government wanted. Divide 
and conquer strategy. Bombing, 
missiles, heavy NATO airstrikes after 
Serbia declines to withdraw from 
Kosovo. NATO occupation of Kosovo.
2000
Austria
War on Fascism
Pro-multiculturalist government 
wanted. Media war with subsequent 
boycott is directed at Austria from the 
EUSSR/USASSR hegemony.
2002
Venezuela
None
Disagreed with foreign policy of elected 
government.
2004
Haiti
Fraudulent elections
Disagreed with economic policy of 
elected government.
2008
Georgia
None
Backed the Georgian government push 
against Russian enclaves to test out 
Russia’s resolve.
2009
Honduras
Attempted to Change Constit
Disagreed with economic and foreign 
policy of elected government.
-2010
Israel
Human rights violation
Disagreed with foreign policy of elected 
government. Israeli nationalists 
persecuted.
Future incidents
2040
France
They may call it a War on 
Fascism?
US (NATO) attempts to invade France 
after right wing coup?? Russia 
intervenes and prevents  US (NATO) 
invasion?
2045
UK
They may call it a War on 
Fascism?
US (NATO) attempts to invade the UK 
after right wing coup?? France and 
Russia intervenes and prevents  US 
(NATO) invasion?
Time will tell what the future brings. But we must be prepared for a potential US 
intervention and must somehow manage to get Russia to contribute as a guarantor.  
Phase 3, 2070 - 2090
The US cultural Marxists/multiculturalists, suicidal humanists and capitalist globalists will 
do everything in their power to prevent us from deporting the Muslims living in Europe. 
They want to preserve European countries as the US “crown vassals” which we are today.
The globalists (lead by the US) want to preserve Europe as a stable market for their 
products. It is in their interest to prevent us from becoming truly sovereign. In reality 
this is called slavery. They want to keep us as slaves. They will therefore do everything in 
their power from preventing us from uniting and as we already know; Western European 
countries will remain broken as long as there are large Muslim enclaves (mini-Pakistan’s) 
in all major cities. We will be paralysed as long as the Muslims are allowed to wage low 
intensity warfare against us. When we attempt to deport all Muslims from Europe at one 
point in the future it is likely that the US will intervene and they might actually initiate 
bombing campaigns to prevent us from “cutting out our cancer” by; bombing our 
railroads, our roads and our fleet (both naval and aerial). In a way, they hope that we will 
initiate a genocidal campaign as it will give them the proper justification to invade us and 
create US military bases on European soil. Obviously, we must not allow ourselves to be 
manipulated like this as this is what happened in Serbia. If they bomb our transportation 
means we must rebuild it and try again. NATO did this as an active part of their strategy 
in the Balkans. They made it impossible for the Serbs to deport any Muslims and they 
continued to manipulate them hoping they would eventually lose all hope and start 
massacring Muslims. 
Bombing our transportation means is one thing but there are certain strategies we will be 
unable to ignore;
•
US bombing of our railroad tracks, our roads and our naval/aerial fleet (they hope we will 
begin massacre Muslims as it will give them the justification for an invasion or massive 
bombing campaigns (seen in Serbia vs. NATO)
•
US supplying the Muslims in our country with arms and training (divide and conquer 
strategy, they will do what they can to provoke an overreaction/slaughter of Muslims - seen 
in Serbia vs. NATO)
Counter measures;
They may attempt to make it impossible for us to deport the Muslims. What can we do?
There is not much a small nation can do against the US army. This is why a single nation 
needs to actively consolidate and wait for other nations to join the European Federation. 
We all saw what they did to Serbia. What could the Serbs have done against the US army 
while Russia was paralysed at the time to a shift of rulers? Absolutely nothing. The US 

