# 3.147 Quick list suggestions – Future domestic and foreign policy

> 原文页码: 1323-1323

deportations. Many massacres of Christians is the most likely outcome as it is very 
unlikely that these vulnerable minorities will flee or evacuate before it is too late.
As soon as Europe starts to deport Muslims; Egypt, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Saudi and the rest 
of the Muslim World will declare war against Israel, Armenia and all Christian minorities 
in the Middle East with the intention of wiping them out. It’s therefore important that all 
Christians in the Middle East are evacuated in the coming decades (phase 1 and 2). One 
option would be that they seek transitory refuge in Europe, Israel or Armenia while we 
start to liberate Lebanon. 
Creation of temporary transit safe-zones in Western Anatolia, Lebanon and 
Albania?
When the Muslim populations have been expelled from Europe, we will have rather large 
unpopulated areas in Albania, Western Anatolia and Lebanon with the capacity to offer a 
permanent home (territory) to several Christian minorities. There will be large areas in 
Albania which perhaps can be the temporary home of some of these minorities depending 
on how the annexing of Middle Eastern territories transpires (the creation of a Coptic, 
Assyrian and Romani Nation). Israel might also serve as a temporary safe-zone for 
Middle Eastern Christians while we annex the territories.  
3.147 Quick list suggestions – Future domestic and foreign policy
Obviously, these are my personal views. You can see more suggestions in 
another chapter.  
-
Militarily prevent Muslim countries/groups from acquiring nuclear weapons or other large 
scale WMD’s.
-
Creating a European population strategy, population cap for individual countries or for 
Europe/the world as a whole (equivalent to the demographical numbers of 1950). Policies 
must be created to govern these policies. Consider re-introducing a ban on abortion, or 
implementing other incentives for a sustainable population growth depending on objective 
(achieving a birth rate of 2,1 f example). 
-
Creation of strict constitutional European Monarchies/Republics (administered democracy). 
Mass democracy does not work as has been proven. The system will include cultural 
conservative principles, defence, immigration policies which can’t be altered, liberal zones 
etc.). 
-
Development of alternative energy sources, to reduce dependence on oil
-
Strengthen the Church’s influence concerning cultural issues

