# 3.140 Creating a “European Federation”, economic, cultural and military alliance

> 原文页码: 1308-1312

The pacifist/suicidal Christians must never be allowed to dominate the church again 
which one of the reasons why I personally believe that the protestant Church in Europe 
should once again should reform to become Catholic (Nordic countries, the UK, Germany, 
Benelux etc). Re-introduction of cultural and Church aspects relating to honour should be 
the core of our objective when reforming the Church. My hope is that the future 
nationalist leadership in Western European countries will agree. At the very least, we 
must support the conservative, anti-pacifist cultural Christian leaders and ensure that 
they are able to influence the European churches. There must however be clear 
distinctions. The Church must not put any limits whatsoever on issues relating to science, 
research and development. Europe will continue to be the world’s center for research and 
development in all areas, strengthened by a predictable and “unchangeable” cultural 
framework. This again will considerably strengthen European and societal cohesion and 
therefore contribute to sustainable societies where harmony, progress, freedom and the 
furtherance of mankind are the primary civilisational pillars. 
3.140 Creating a “European Federation”, economic, cultural and military 
alliance
It may be constructive to consider creating a federation (just like the early days of the 
EU/NATO) with secondary membership (A and B members) based on fixed factors 
(ranging from cultural, economical etc.). However, this will depend heavily on if each 
newly liberated sovereign country will allow an open border policy. It is likely that 
regional open border policies will be allowed based on historical cultural and economical 
factors (f example the Nordic countries are very close culturally and may allow this). 
The European Federation of the future must no longer be envisaged in the mushy, 
ungovernable forms of the present European Union, which is a powerless Medusa, unable 
to control its borders, and dominated by the mania of cultural deconstruction, free-trade, 
and subject to American cultural domination. We need to imagine a grande monocultural 
Europe, based on the cultural and economical cooperation of independent countries that 
will in a larger degree be inseparably linked to Russia. Having no need to be aggressive 
toward its neighbours because it would be un-attackable, such a bloc would become the 
premier world power (in a world partitioned into large blocs), self-centered, pan-
nationalistic and opposed to all the dangerous dogmas now associated with 
globalism/multiculturalism. The new European Federation will be much more isolationalist 
with a policy of economic nationalism (protectionism). It would have the capacity to 
practice the 'autarky of great spaces' (economic self-sufficiency and independence from 
foreign markets) whose principles have already been worked out by the Noble Prize 
winning economist, Maurice Allais. The destiny of the European peninsula cannot be 
separated from continental Russia, for both ethno-cultural and geopolitical reasons. It’s 
absolutely imperative for America’s mercantile thalassocracy (naval supremacy, in either 
military or commercial senses of the word) to prevent the birth of the culturally and 
ideologically confident European Federation.
-
Current EU countries (+ Switzerland, Norway, Iceland, Andorra etc.)
-
Russia (Their partnership, friendship and support is essential).
-
Belarus (potential admission)
-
Ukraine (potential)
-
Moldova (potential)
-
Georgia (potential)
-
Croatia
-
Serbia
-
FYROM (potential)
Non-European territories/countries that may seek admission:
-
Armenia
-
Israel (potential)
And the following potential European and non-European territories:
-
The Serbian/Croatian territory currently known as Bosnia Herzegovina
-
The Greek/Croatian/Serbian/Albanian territory currently known as Albania
-
The Greek territory currently known as Western Anatolia (Turkey)
-
The Greek-Cypriot territory currently known as Northern Cyprus (Turkey)
-
The Armenian territory currently known as Eastern Anatolia (Turkey)
From liberation to consolidation towards the European Federation
Russia has the potential to become our worst enemy or our best friend. I believe the 
latter even though multiculturalism (anti-nationalism) still is a factor Russia.
As for the realistic outlooks in phase 2, it will be too hard for small countries to be the 
first to break out of the multicultural (EUSSR/US) hegemony. Many of the smaller 
countries aren't self sufficient on food production so they will suffer hard when the EU/US 
responds with a full boycott and psychological warfare campaign by the hand of the MSM 
(and they will for sure, remember how Austria and Serbia was demonised a few years 
ago). 
Russia will not reveal its intentions for a small European country due to tactical reasons. 
The reason is that Russia knows that in order to fulfill the minimum of the requirements 
as a trustworthy cultural and military partner it has to at least partly seize its union with 
Muslim nations like Kazakhstan and Tajikistan. Russia must either chose between its 
Muslim Siberian course or the newly liberated W. European allies. Russia will be unwilling 
to do this for anything less than “an attractive” option. A small European country alone 
does not fulfill Russia’s minimum demands to change its current path. Thus we are 
depending on that France, Germany or UK breaks out of the current hegemony first.
I have little faith in the cultural and political self confidence of Germany. They are still 
suffering from severe psychological trauma from WW2 which leaves either France or the 
UK. Neither country has managed to successfully convert anti-Marxist/Islamic/mass 
immigration sentiment into successful political opposition yet although this is slowly 
changing.
Italy and Denmark have managed to do this to a certain degree so the potential is there. 
However, they may feel they are too small/insignificant alone to take the full step. They 
currently lack the self confidence to break out of the hegemony because they are not yet 
ready and they will thread carefully and avoid taking unnecessary chances. 
One of the three larger European nations will and must break out eventually, I estimate 
within 20-70 years. As soon as Germany, France or the UK does, we will see a few 
smaller nations breaking out with them as well. At this point, Russia will be ready with 
support. A new type of cultural and military alliance will be born (not necessarily political 
as all nations involved will have complete sovereignty). A cultural conservative “European 
Federation” will be born.
I believe Russia will be an essential partner in this future process as the first country 
breaking out will rely heavily on Russia.
The first country breaking out of the current EUSSR/US hegemony will encounter 
numerous problems. This is the reason why I don’t think Italy or any small country will 
have the courage to go first. Even Serbia chose submission to the EUSSR/US hegemony 
rather than take the risk of ending up as a new Belarus. 
The outlook of breaking out first as a mini-country is too horrid. Because the current 
EUSSR/US will consider this act as a potential existential threat and will do ANYTHING to 
prevent it from happening. They will hit hard and use all the available tools in their 
arsenal. They are likely to initiate the most devastating media campaign in history 
(psychological warfare) against that country in order to manipulate the public consensus. 
They will use all diplomatic, economical and perhaps even eventually military measures 
to state an example and prevent the process from completing and spread to other 
countries. This is the reason why a country cannot do this alone and will rely on other 
countries. Because if that first country succeeds it will be the beginning of the end for the 
EUSSR/US hegemony. That country will in the beginning be completely isolated from the 
EU/US, it will be kicked out of NATO and every relevant international organisation. It will 
be overwhelmingly ridiculed, demonised and abused. It’s a nightmare scenario for any 
country and the people will suffer to a certain degree during this transitional period. 
It will take a very long time before we are at this crossroad but it will happen eventually 
– because multiculturalism (especially when Islam is involved) is a self-defeating 
ideology. As soon as the first big country breaks out the EUs fate will be sealed. It will 
either implode or it will have to become stalinistic. 
I wouldn't count on the US. They have too many problems of their own and Obama is 
turning the country into the USASSR. The US became a victim of self defeat the moment 
(this happened during the 80s) the Democratic and Republican Party decided (against the 
wishes of the people) that they were not going to be a European Christian country 
anymore. 
Many will claim that even France and the UK are already doomed and that there is no 
hope. Those pessimists should study history, especially the Lebanon scenario more 
closely.  Remember the Lebanon example, once a Christian country (80% Christians in 
1911). When Islam became dominant (60% Muslims in 1970) they became so confident 
that they (the Ummah) indirectly declared war, for allegedly conspiring with the Israelis. 
The Christians lost in 1990 and now there is less than 25% left.
Prior to the civil war in Lebanon, much like Europe today; the country was controlled by 
Marxist/humanist appeasers of Islam. Just like in Europe they allowed Islamic 
demographical warfare to a point which lead them to civil war when Islam reached 60% 
in the 1970s. The only reason why the “Christian nationalists” lost was because the 
neighbouring Muslim countries helped their fellow Muslims while Europe (especially 
France, who was now in bed with the global Ummah) did little to help their eastern 
Christian cousin. Another reason why they lost was because too many who should have 
fought ran away and emigrated to Europe and the US. 
Just like in Lebanon, the Muslims will become overconfident in Germany, the UK and 
France eventually (we are already seeing clear signs of this). Germany, France or the UK 
will come to their senses. Europeans will gradually understand what our elites are doing 
and will begin to wage a guerilla war. There will be sporadic attacks in phase 1 (1999-
2030) but the attacks will intensify until the point where a window of opportunity will 
arise during phase 2 (2030-2070) where the European nationalists will successfully seize 
power. This is how the Europeans will win. We will win due to the simple fact that we 
have nowhere to go, while our colonisers still have their homelands intact.
France is likely to be the first country breaking out. Remember that they are the epi-
center of Islamisation in Europe with 12% Muslims (as of 2008). Marseilles is THE 
epicenter, with 38% Muslims now (2008). 
So, in aprox 20-70 years the first major W. European country will break out and seek a 
federation with Russia. If this country will be the UK, Germany or France is to early to 
determine at this point (although France is the likely choice). Italy, Serbia, Austria, Chech 
Republic, Slovenia, Slovakia and a few other countries will join, followed by others. 
This will result in a similar process in the US. Several states are likely to break out at one 
point although it is much harder to predict an American outcome. These new states may 
join this new nationalistic European Federation providing they support the ideological 
doctrines. Australia and other European countries are likely to join at one point as well. 
Hopefully it will be the beginning of the end for multiculturalism countries formerly known 
as the EUSSR/USASSR cultural hegemony. 
Possible timeline for the creation and growth of the European Federation:
2040-2083: France or the UK + Italy + 5 smaller countries + Russia
2083-2110: The rest of Europe + Russia 
2110-2150: Europe (with Russia) + parts of the former US (after the civil war) – Western 
and eastern Anatolia territory liberated by European Federation forces and annexed and 
reunited with Armenia and Greece, + Middle Eastern strategy
Creating a new European military alliance 
The first action any liberated European country should do is to leave NATO and seek a 
military alliance with Russia and other European cultural conservative countries. NATO 
(North Atlantic Treaty Organisation) will optimally end up as a shade of its former self 
consisting of only the US, Turkey and Albania. At this point (assuming that the US 
haven’t been substantially weakened by economical recessions and have avoided their 
own civil war), the US will have no choice but to live in a much more isolated world, 
excluded from any cooperation with the European Federation, or choose to change its 
ways. 
We, on the other hand, will continue to consolidate a new European military alliance 
consisting of all newly liberated European countries and Russia.  We should then create 
and consolidate a new European economical, military and cultural alliance consisting of 
Russia and all European cultural conservative countries. 
Why dissolve NATO?
Americans will soon have their hands full with problems of their own and will be in no 
position to assist anybody even if they wanted to. Europeans can and should maintain 
good relations and cooperate with ordinary North American citizens, who live under the 
same Multicultural regime as we do, but we cannot and should not rely on aid from the 
American elites. They are as hostile as the EU elites, as their support to Turkeys EU 
membership proves. Pushing for Turkey’s EU membership is the same as pushing for 
increased Jihad (through Islamic demographic warfare) and deconstruction of European 
nationhood and is therefore totally unacceptable. Why would we want to have relations 
with a country who wishes to destroy us?
There are other issues as well:
-
An American military presence in Germany is unacceptable. 
-
The NATO atrocities against Serb forces were unacceptable.
-
US intervention in European matters is unacceptable. 
-
US exports of high tech weaponry to Islamic countries are unacceptable.
-
Turkey’s and Albania’s NATO memberships are unacceptable. 
-
US cultural domination over Europe is unacceptable.
Creating a new global military alliance
A new military alliance will be created with emphasis on the following countries: 
The above mentioned countries/territories including:
-
India
-
China and/or Japan/South Korea/Taiwan
We must attempt to include all Christian, Buddhist and Hindu countries in this expanded 
military alliance. Russia will have to leave CSTO – the Collective Security Treaty 
Organisation currently consisting of Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyztan, Russia and 
Tajikistan. Depending on the US, an alternative would be to maintain NATO if the US 
agrees to invite Russia and to expel Albania and Turkey.
All countries of the new military alliance will have to support the cultural conservative 
territorial claims (the Middle Eastern/Anatolia crusader campaign) and participate in the 
campaigns which involve deportation of all Muslims from the Balkans and any remaining 
entrenched Muslim group in Western Europe.
It is uncertain how Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine will react to a friendly aproach but 
attempts must be made to include them in the alliance. 
Countries excluded
The Muslim world will be completely isolated until the day Islam seizes to exist. 

