# 3.141 The negotiations between the European Federation and the USASSR/EUSSR block and Muslim countries in the phase 3 transition period (prior to deportations) and the outlook for the European Federation companies’ current investments in the Muslim world

> 原文页码: 1313-1314

Why we have to break out of the EUSSR/USASSR cultural hegemony
Some people will say; why do we have to seek a federation with Russia? We can just tell 
the EU/US to stop harassing us and continue business with them as usual after we have 
liberated our countries?
It is well known fact that russophobia is relatively entrenched in some European 
countries, in particular the UK, the Nordic region, the Baltic region and some other 
Eastern European countries. This will of course play a factor in how we chose to move 
forward. However, the problem is that at this point, 2030-2070 (before the cultural 
conservatives have seized power), W. European countries will all be close to collapse due 
to the crimes committed by our elites. There will be Muslim majorities in some countries 
and our capitals will resemble Beirut in the 1960/70s. The nationalist movements at this 
time will be hunted and persecuted harshly just like the Nazis persecuted and executed 
European resistance fighters during WW2. When we eventually win and manage to seize 
control over our own countries we will not repeat the mistakes from the past (ignoring 
the Marxists/ multiculturalists/humanists/globalists and letting them re-infiltrate later). 
We are going to exterminate them all (category A and B traitors only of course) which 
will result in the execution of tens of thousands all over Europe. When these execution 
campaigns are completed we will deport all Muslims. It will not be easy as no one will be 
willing to facilitate us so we will have to use very creative means. 
When all this is done, we will be considered as genocidal war criminals by the remaining 
EUSSR countries and the US. In others words, we don’t really have a choice but to build 
a new federation/alliance from scratch. 
3.141 The negotiations between the European Federation and the 
USASSR/EUSSR block and Muslim countries in the phase 3 transition period 
(prior to deportations) and the outlook for the European Federation companies’ 
current investments in the Muslim world 
In phase 3 (2060-2090) the cultural conservative tribunals (which at this point is 
controlling the liberated European countries) will take measures to take the appropriate 
steps in order to safeguard European Federation economical interests in EF territory and 
in the Muslim world prior to any permanent resolution of mass deportation of Muslims 
from Europe.
The reason for this is to ensure that we lay claim to all potential advantages available to 
us and can act in accordance with perceived outlooks. It is easy to anticipate how the 
Muslim world will react to any permanent resolution of mass deportations so it is 
essential to implement certain mechanisms PRIOR to implementation of given doctrines.
So, what will happen to the European Federation companies’ current investments in 
Muslim countries? This really depends on how the Muslim world reacts when we deport 
25 million Muslims (2008 number, 50 million as of estimated 2030 number, 100 million 
2060 number). Each and every Muslim nation will react differently and we should expect 
a synchronised response or an initiation of some sort of attack “campaign” from the Arab 
League. It is expected that they will halt all petroleum exports and other commodity 
export to members of the European Federation and anyone neutral to us. When they 
realise that the deportations will continue they are likely to seize control/nationalise all 
European Federation assets and infrastructure currently on their territories. This will 
include luxury hotels, petroleum related plants, and other industry infrastructure. 
European Federation nationals working in these Muslim countries are likely to be 
deported to their country of origin or may even be kidnapped and used as an extortion 
chip which would be the traditional Islamic way.
Needles to say, as a result of these reactionary Muslim nationalisation/deportation 
campaigns, we will act in the same manner  in all European Federation countries. In fact, 
this would have already be done prior to the first step to ensure that we have a solid 
position for negotiations with the individual Muslim countries.
The following approach should be followed when negotiating with each Muslim nations:
1.
All Sunni nations should be strongly advised to leave the Arab League and apply for the 
status of a tertiary protectorate of the European Federation. This will mean that they will 
accept the consequences of our future pre-defined Crusader campaign in the Middle East 
which will involve liberating Western/Eastern Anatolia, the creation of a Maronite, Coptic, 
Assyrian and Rom nation and expand Israels border to include Gaza and the West Bank. 
The so called “Palestinians” will be deported back to Syria. 
2.
As for the negotiations with each Muslim country; any agreement must include that they 
are willing to accept a fair share of expelled Muslim individuals from European Federation 
countries. This will include f example individuals where factors surrounding the repatriation 
efforts are disputed or are considered exceptional circumstances (may also involve EF 
Marxist converts to Islam). All Shia nations (Iran) and Shia controlled territories (parts of 
Jemen, Iraq etc) should be advised to apply for the status of a tertiary protectorate of the 
EF. 
3.
Terms offered to Muslim countries should be open for discussion and can be flexible as long 
as it will benefit the long term goals of the European Federation and each individual 
European country.
Sunni and Shia countries/territories likely to apply for the status as a tertiary 
protectorate of the European Federation: Kurdistan (Former Iraq, depending on their 
support for the liberation of Eastern Anatolia. UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Qatar – might 
apply due to the fear from Islamic fundamentalists (a majority of these regimes are 
puppet regimes who fear the wrath of the Ummah). 
Kurdistan is the only likely alliance partner (they are hated by both Turks and Arabs). The 
rest of the nations are much more uncertain. The Western puppet regimes of Egypt and 
certain other countries are likely to be overthrown by devout Muslim groups who will view 
us as their sworn enemy. 
If negotiations fail with a country all frozen assets of that particular country will be 
expropriated by the appropriate EF nation unless equivalent resources can be swapped as 
they are sure to do the same. Any remaining infrastructure in that particular country will 
be considered lost and subsequently will be bombed by EF fighter jets. The country in 
question will be considered hostile and as all official and industrial connections now are 
cut, will be completely isolated.
Any isolated countries can be used as a collective mass dumping ground for deported 
individuals (see “militarily securing dumping sites/ports temporarily in Muslim countries” 
in another chapter).  
It is likely that the other international block the USASSR/ with remaining EUSSR 
countries (depending on how strong they are at this point) will attempt to sabotage any 
agreement by pressuring the Muslim nations (concessions in return for military 
protection). The US might threaten with military attacks if we attack any Muslim nation. 
We should consider putting our Anatolia/Middle Eastern crusader campaign on hold until 
this block (USASSR/EUSSR) has imploded. This might take a few more decades but will 
happen eventually. However, what we cannot halt is our deportation campaigns (which 
will involve the securing of ports in order to safely transport the Muslims). The 

