# 3.145 Logistical, military and diplomatic issues in regards to deporting Muslims from Europe

> 原文页码: 1321-1321

3.144 European Federation military campaigns against Muslim Bosnia 
Herzegovina, Muslim Kosovo, Muslim Albania, Turkey, Syria (Lebanon), Jordan 
and Egypt
Several issues will have to be clarified before initiating a campaign of this magnitude. A 
thorough military and logistical strategy will have to be developed.  
Campaign one – reconquista of Europe (West/East)
1.
Western European countries
2.
Balkans
When a large part of Western Europe (and the Balkans) is liberated from cultural 
Marxism, wait for the rest of the nations to join the alliance. The US will implode 
eventually and no measures should be taken (depending on several factors) against 
Turkey and the liberation of our Middle Eastern Christian cousins before the US civil war 
P2 or P3 starts.
The US government will do EVERYTHING to prevent Europe from forming the European 
Federation with Russia, as it would mean the end for the US as the world’s primary 
cultural and military superpower.
Also, before engaging Turkey or any Middle Eastern country the most important thing is 
to launch a military campaign against Pakistan taking their nuclear capabilities away from 
them. If this is not done they will surely transfer the technology to Turkey and other 
Muslim countries. No Muslim countries will be allowed to have nuclear weapons! This is 
the most important principle. It may come to a situation where we will be forced to delay 
our Anatolia campaign for up to a few decades, in order to prevent an armed 
confrontation with the US. The US is in a process of rapid cultural and cohesional 
disintegration so a window of opportunity will eventually arise. We should strive to 
include the new nationalistic minded leadership of the US in to the European Federation 
after the multiculturalists have lost power.
Campaign two – secondary claims (Cyprus, Anatolia)
A military campaign should be launched against Turkey with the goal of liberating Greek 
Western Anatolia, Northern Cyprus and Armenian Eastern Anatolia.
Biological and chemical attacks might prove useful as it will leave the infrastructure 
intact. 
The US will use threats and will perhaps attempt to militarily defend Turkey, Kosovo, 
Bosnia Herzegovina, Lebanon or Syria. 
3.145 Logistical, military and diplomatic issues in regards to deporting Muslims 
from Europe 

