# 3.148 Pope Urban II and Pope Innocent III granted indulgence to all future Crusaders (martyrs of the Church)

> 原文页码: 1324-1326

-
Introduce policies which strengthen the nuclear family (deconstruct Western European 
matriarchy structures).
-
Introduce the death penalty (3 strike rule)
-
Drug addicts should be sent to strict “reformation camps”. Hard drug abuse must not be 
tolerated (however, marijuana may be permitted in liberal zones). The essence in fighting 
addictions is to take the victim away from his negative environment and giving him/her a 
meaningful goal/task in life (a majority of these individuals needs protection against 
themselves for a certain period). The current government policy does the exact opposite. 
Instead of trying to solve the root causes they act as facilitators for drug abuse by 
providing the addicts with government funded drugs. At the moment, Norway is one of the 
most liberal countries in regards to catering for drug addicts. At the same time Norway has 
the largest proportion of drug addicts (heroin addicts) in Europe. 
-
Re-education strategy for Marxists 
-
A committee should be created in each country that will research, investigate and map all 
compromised institutions and groups (previously under the influence of cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist policies and ideas). 
-
Educational courses (f example 6 month courses) should be created which highlights “un-
falsified” history and cultural conservative topics and presented to compromised groups. 
The course will be concluded with an exam in which each individual will need to pass. 
-
A similar exam may be held throughout Europe for all people in non-compromised groups 
(3 month course instead of 6).
-
Consider new civilisational goals – from excessive consumerism where the acquisition of 
wealth is the driving force in our lives to instead, focus all our resources to better ourselves 
and the rest of our citizens scientifically and technologically/R&D. 20% of national GDP 
should be allocated to this purpose. 
Christian justification of the struggle
“Rise up O Lord, and may thy enemies be dispersed and those who hate thee be driven 
from thy face. “
Psalm 67, Vulgate (also from Book of Numbers)
3.148 Pope Urban II and Pope Innocent III granted indulgence to all future 
Crusaders (martyrs of the Church)
In 1095 during the Council of Clermont, Pope Urban II declared that he remitted all 
penance incurred by anyone (crusaders) who participated in the first crusade. 
The Pope dispenses indulgences from a reservoir of grace tied to martyrs of the church, 
those men and women who, by virtue of their suffering, assists in the intercession for all 
Christians. In the 12th Century, Pope Innocent III, expanded the Crusade indulgence to 
include anyone assisting with such endeavours.
Indulgences 
An indulgence is the full or partial remission of temporal punishment due for sins which 
have already been forgiven. The indulgence is usually granted by the church after the 
sinner has confessed and received absolution. The exception is actions committed by 
those men and women who, by virtue of their suffering, assists in the intercession for all 
Christians (participates in Crusades, activities which involve protection of Christians, 
Christian interests or Christendom itself). Indulgences draw on the storehouse of merit 
acquired by Jesus' sacrifice and the virtues and penances of the saints and martyrs. They 
are granted for specific good works and prayers.
Indulgences replace the shortening of those penances that was allowed at the 
intercession of those imprisoned and those awaiting martyrdom for the faith.
Crusading is not just a right, but a duty according to Canon Law
Canon Law, the ecclesiastical law of the Catholic Church, is a fully developed legal 
system, with all the necessary elements: courts, lawyers, judges, a fully articulated legal 
code and principles of legal interpretation. The academic degrees in canon law are the 
J.C.B. (Juris Canonici Baccalaureatus, Bachelor of Canon Law, normally taken as a 
graduate degree), JCL (Juris Canonici Licentiatus, Licentiate of Canon Law) and the J.C.D. 
(Juris Canonici Doctor, Doctor of Canon Law). Because of its specialised nature, advanced 
degrees in civil law or theology are normal prerequisites for the study of canon law.
-
Book IV - Function of the Church (Cann. 834 - 848)
-
Part I. The Sacraments 
-
Title IV. The Sacramento of Penance (Cann. 959 - 997)
Indulgences 
Can.  992 An indulgence is the remission before God of temporal punishment for sins 
whose guilt is already forgiven, which a properly disposed member of the Christian 
faithful gains under certain and defined conditions by the assistance of the Church which 
as minister of redemption dispenses and applies authoritatively the treasury of the 
satisfactions of Christ and the saints.
Can.  993 An indulgence is partial or plenary insofar as it partially or totally frees from 
the temporal punishment due to sins.
Can.  994 Any member of the faithful can gain partial or plenary indulgences for oneself 
or apply them to the dead by way of suffrage.
Can.  995 §1. In addition to the supreme authority of the Church, only those to whom 
this power is acknowledged in the law or granted by the Roman Pontiff can bestow 
indulgences.
§2. No authority below the Roman Pontiff can entrust the power of granting indulgences 
to others unless the Apostolic See has given this expressly to the person.
Can.  996 §1. To be capable of gaining indulgences, a person must be baptised, not 
excommunicated, and in the state of grace at least at the end of the prescribed works.
§2. To gain indulgences, however, a capable subject must have at least the general 
intention of acquiring them and must fulfil the enjoined works in the established time and 
the proper method, according to the tenor of the grant.
Can.  997 As regards the granting and use of indulgences, the other prescripts contained 
in the special laws of the Church must also be observed.
Other popes who called for a Crusade
Pope Nicholas V ordered an immediate counter-attack after the fall of Constantinople in 
1453. As Pope Pius II, the same Aeneas Silvius declared a crusade in 1459 for the 
recapture of Constantinople, but any genuine enthusiasm that existed was short-lived, 
and a crusade never came into effect.
Unofficial crusades (not sanctioned by the Pope)
The most recent ”unofficial Crusade” were Russian military defensive campaigns against 
the Ottoman Caliphate in the 19th century which resulted in a Russian victory. However, 
hadn’t it been for Disraeli Britain’s defence of the Muslims (see Congress of Berlin), 
Constantinople would have been brought back to Christian hands.
Entertaining ideas of launching defensive crusader campaigns to take back former 
Christian territories has become politically incorrect in the Western world after Turkey 
emerged with a so called ”secular republic constitution”. This, despite the fact that they 
have continued their Jihadi pogroms against Christian minorities until this very day.
Sources:
Canon Law http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_of_Canon_Law
Council of Clermont http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Council_of_Clermont
Indulgences http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indulgences
Would Pope Benedict XVI take the initiative for launching a new crusade?
Not likely. The closest Pope Benedict has come to anything controversial was his 
statement in a lecture delivered on September 12th 2006. Pope Benedict XVI quoted from 
a dialogue that occurred in 1391 between Manuel II Palaiologos[1], the Byzantine 
Emperor, and a Persian scholar and recorded in a book by Manuel II (Dialogue 7 of 
Twenty-six Dialogues with a Persian) in which the Emperor stated: 
“Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you will find things only 
evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached.” 
Many Muslims were offended by what was perceived as a denigration of Muhammad, and 
many reacted violently. Several churches were burned and many Christians were killed in 
multiple locations in the Middle East (including a nun). In his book, Manuel II then 
continues, saying:
“God is not pleased by blood - and not acting reasonably is contrary to God's nature. Faith 
is born of the soul, not the body. Whoever would lead someone to faith needs the ability to 

