# 3.146 Evacuating Christians in the Middle East in regards to the new Christian nations

> 原文页码: 1322-1322

Which countries will the Muslims be deported to and can we expect the target countries 
to cooperate?
It is unlikely that any destination points (Muslim) will willingly cooperate to accept 
millions of Muslims. Creative methods will need to be used for the large scale voluntary 
or involuntary population transfer.
Transportation
Transport by cruise ships may be one option. Creating naval convoys escorted by the 
military. 
Target destination
One solution would be to secure destination areas in each country. Securing a port in 
each country and creating a temporary transit zone which will be guarded by a military 
presence. 
3.146 Evacuating Christians in the Middle East in regards to the new Christian 
nations
There are around 12 million Christian Assyrians, Copts, Maronites and other Christian 
Orthodox/Catholic minorities who currently live under harsh Dhimmitude. Our objective is 
to offer them citizenship in the new Christian nations.
Measures must be taken to evacuate these people in one or several safe zones (after we 
secure them militarily). The first one will be Christian Lebanon (with half of the territory 
given to the Christian Maronites). The goal should be to annex new territories creating 
three new nations (See map): 
1.
Consolidate Christian Lebanon
2.
Establishment of a Christian Coptic nation (NE Egypt).
3.
Establishment of a Christian Assyrian nation.
4.
Establishment of a Romani Nation
Size of the annexed nations will be based on the size of the populations. 
This will be an extremely difficult transition though as it is likely that Muslim 
countries/groups will initiate Jihadi pogroms and genocides as soon as Europe start with 

