# 3.142 Future foreign policy – deportation and territorial claims

> 原文页码: 1315-1315

USASSR/EUSSR block will have no choice but to accept this as the alternative would be 
genocides, something everyone should contribute to prevent.
3.142 Future foreign policy – deportation and territorial claims
The new “conservative order” should (once consolidations of Western and/or Eastern 
European cultural conservative military tribunals have been established) prepare for 
mass deportations of all Muslims living in Europe. The first step will be the construction of 
huge transit zones. 
Deportation should be completed in two stages
1.
Deportation of all Western European Muslims.
2.
Deportation of all Eastern European Muslims. 
It’s important to create a different strategy for both stages as most Muslims in Eastern 
Europe have lived there for several centuries (a majority who are even ethnic European - 
Bosniaks and Albanians). As such, they will not accept being deported from Europe and 
will fight for their survival. A more long term and brutal military strategy must therefore 
be applied. 
Creating major transit zones
Transit zones are safe and heavily guarded areas (barrack cities) where Muslims will be 
placed awaiting deportation. Transit zones should be built close to a sea port and/or 
railway line (depending on which transportation method will be used for the deportation. 
It is essential that each area is fenced in with barb wire and armed guards. 
Creating transit zones (in regards to mass deportations).

