# 3.143 Creating a New Europe and a new Middle East (see map)

> 原文页码: 1316-1320

-
Transit zone 1 – Coast of France
-
Transit zone 2 – Coast of England
-
Transit zone 3 - Coast of Spain
-
Transit zone 4 - Coast of Italy
-
Transit zone 5 - Coast of Albania
-
Transit zone 6 - Coast of Greece
In addition, smaller transit zones may be created on other locations. 
Albania should be declared as the official Muslim transit zone for the Balkans. 
3.143 Creating a New Europe and a new Middle East (see map)
Map showing European/Christian/Israeli territorial claims. Nation of Rom 
(located in “new Armenia”) and Zoroastrian Nation not specified in illustration)
European territorial claims (primary claims):
1. The Serbian territory - Kosovo
All Muslims (primarily Albanians) will be deported to the nearest transit area (Albania) 
awaiting deportation from Europe. Kosovo will be reunified with Serbia once again.
2. The Serbian/Croatian territory currently known as Bosnia Herzegovina
Bosnia Herzegovina will be divided in a Serbian (60-70%) and Croatian (30-40%) part 
divided after historical ethnic lines. All Muslim individuals (Bosniaks and Albanians) will 
be deported to the nearest transit area (Albania) awaiting deportation from Europe. See 
”Graz agreement”[1]. Map indications are not precise as I was unable to find the Graz 
agreement maps.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graz_agreement
3. The Greek/Croatian/Serbian territory currently known as Albania
Suggestion: Albania will be divided in a Greek (20%), Monte Negro (20%) and a 
Christian Albanian part (60%). All Muslim Albanians will be deported to central Anatolia. 
4. The Greek-Cypriot territory currently known as Northern Cyprus (Turkey)
All Muslims will be deported to central Anatolia. Northern and Southern Cyprus will be 
reunified under Christian Greek rule once again.  
Middle Eastern territorial claims (secondary claims): 
Muslim nations, with their appalling lack of education, manufacturing infrastructure and 
modern technology (especially involving instruments of war) will be hard pressed to 
confront a world united to stop Islamic expansion, especially if their one source of 
economic power, oil, loses its primacy.
5. The Greek territory currently known as Western Anatolia (Turkey)
All Muslims will be deported to central Anatolia. Western Anatolia will be reunified with 
Greece once again. 
The territorial claims involves territory in Northern Epirus, Thrace (including 
Constantinople and ofc Agia Sophia), the islands of Imbros (Gökçeada) and Tenedos 
(Bozcaada), and parts of western Anatolia around the city of Smyrna to name a few 
areas. These areas (and many more) contained sizable ethnic Greek populations.
See map of Christian European claims presented by Mr. 
Eleftherios Venizelos at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919. 
It’s worth noting that the western Allies, particularly British 
Prime Minister David Lloyd George, had promised Greece 
territorial gains at the expense of the Ottoman Empire if 
Greece entered the war on the Allied side (which it did). 
Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ParisPeace-Venizelos-Map.png
Even the Treaty of Sevres which was signed by the Ottoman officials, in 1920, 
acknowledges partial Greek territorial demands in Anatolia.
Treaty of Sevres[1] + map [2]
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_sevres
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:TreatyOfSevres_(corrected).PNG
6. The Armenian territory currently known as Eastern Anatolia (Turkey)
All Muslims will be deported to central Anatolia. Eastern Anatolia will be reunified with 
Armenia once again. See Treaty of Sevres for more details.
Treaty of Sevres
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_sevres
7. Re-establish Christian Lebanon
Restore Lebanon as a Christian nation (deporting all Muslims). Maronite Christians in the 
north, other Christians in the south. 
8. Establishing of a Christian Coptic nation (NE Egypt).
9. Establishing of a Christian Assyrian nation.
The Assyrian Christian people (known as Assyrians, Syriacs, Syrian Christians, Syriac 
Christians, Suroye/Suryoye and other variants, see names of Syriac Christians) are an 
ethnic group whose origins lie in the Fertile Crescent, their homeland today being divided 
between Northern Iraq, Syria, Western Iran, and Turkey's Southeastern Anatolia. Most of 
the Christian Assyrians have been forcibly converted, many have been killed in numerous 
Jihadi genocides and pogroms the last centuries. Many have migrated to the Caucasus, 
North America and Europe during the past century.
Assyrian/Syriacs Christians in Syria are a significant minority that lives in the north and 
northeast (al-Qamishli, al-Hasakah) and number around 700,000. Their numbers have 
been boosted by many Iraqi refugees since the Iraq War.
Middle East countries with significant populations:
Homeland
Iraq 150 000-830 000 
Syria 52 000-735 000
Iran 10 500-103 000
Turkey 4 000-70 000
Diaspora  
United States 83 000 
Sweden 80 000 
Jordan 77 000 
Germany 70 000 
Australia 25 000
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assyrian_people
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Fertile_Crescent_7500_BC_DAN.PNG
10. Establishing a Romani Nation (gypsies)
A Nation of Rom should be established for European gypsies. Gypsies (Originally Indian 
Hindus) where enslaved prisoners of war and most of them were taken through Hindu 
Kush as the Islamic military campaigns progressed through Sindh (Currently Pakistan) 
year 800-1900. The Ottoman Caliphate kept hundreds of thousands of Hindu slaves 
which were instrumental in the military campaigns against Eastern Europe.
There are approximately 5 million Rom around the world today. 
European countries with significant populations:
Spain
650 000
Romania
535 140
France
500 000
Bulgaria
370 908
Hungary
205 720
Greece
200 000
Russia
182 766
Italy
130 000
Serbia
108 193
Slovakia
89 920
Germany
70 000
Macedonia
57 722
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romani_people
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roma_(Romani_subgroup)
11. Israel (the Gaza strip, the West bank and Jerusalem)
- Assist Israel in deporting all Muslim Syrians (also referred to as “Palestinians”) from the 
Gaza strip, the West bank and Jerusalem. These territories will be included in Israel. 
However, Jerusalem will come under joint Christian-Jewish administration.
- Demolish the abomination known as the Al-Aqsa mosque and the Dome of the Rock in 
Jerusalem and rebuild the Temple of Salomon – the Third Temple as described in the 
Book of Ezekiel, chapters 40-42. The Third Temple will become a place of worship for 
both Jews and Christians. The Dome of the Rock is regarded as occupying the actual 
space where the Temple once stood.  
- Jerusalem will once again become a city shared by Christians (50%) and Jews (50%).
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temple_of_Salomon
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_Temple
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Jerusalem
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dispensationalism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dome_of_the_Rock
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Aqsa_Mosque
12. Creating an African strategy (tertiary claims)
Assist our Christian African brothers, especially in Kenya, Sudan, Nigeria (Biafra), Cote 
d'Ivoire, Togo, Liberia, Ethiopia, Angola and Eritrea against the ongoing Jihads.
Emphasis should be put on reversing historical Jihadi demographical warfare.
- Create a Christian nation of Sudan. 
In Sudan, the stated objective of the ruling regime is to Arabise and Islamise the African 
Christian and Animist population of the south. Particularly since 1992, the Sudanese 
government has been waging a military campaign aimed at dispersing, enslaving, and 
subduing the southern Blacks. There are ongoing Jihadi Genocides being waged against 
Sudanese Christians and animists and smaller Jihads in other African countries. 
A complete Africa strategy will have to be drawn up once we have completed our primary 
and secondary territorial claims. 
13. Create a Zoroastrian State in the Middle East (Northern Iran)
Sources:
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoroastrianism

