# 3.152 Justiciar Knights, Martyrdom vs. Suicide

> 原文页码: 1346-1348

"[A Templar Knight] is truly a fearless Knight, and secure on every side, for his soul is 
protected by the armour of faith, just as his body is protected by the armour of steel. He is 
thus doubly-armed, and need fear neither demons nor men." Bernard de Clairvaux, c. 
1135, De Laude Novae Militae—In Praise of the New Knighthood
Indulgences 
An indulgence is the full or partial remission of temporal punishment due for sins which 
have already been forgiven. The indulgence is usually granted by the church after the 
sinner has confessed and received absolution. The exception is actions committed by 
those men and women who, by virtue of their suffering, assists in the intercession for all 
Christians (participates in Crusades, activities which involve protection of Christians, 
Christian interests or Christendom itself). Indulgences draw on the storehouse of merit 
acquired by Jesus' sacrifice and the virtues and penances of the saints and martyrs. 
Indulgences replace the shortening of those penances that was allowed at the 
intercession of those imprisoned and those awaiting martyrdom for the faith.
Pope Urban II and Pope Innocent III granted indulgence to all future Crusaders
The PCCTS, Knights Templars are Destroyers of Marxism and Defenders of Christendom. 
We are Crusaders, martyrs of the Church, selfless defenders of the weak and the blind. 
We our not only automatically granted access to heaven in light of our selfless acts; our 
good deeds and final sacrifice will be added to the divine storehouse of merit and will 
therefore help other less virtuos individuals.       
3.152 Justiciar Knights, Martyrdom vs. Suicide
There is normally absolutely no justification or excuse to commit suicide. It is a shameful, 
selfish and cowardly act which normally can and should never be justified. According to 
the canon laws of the Catholic Church; any individual who commits suicide will forever 
burn in hell as suicide is considered the gravest of sins, similar to that of murder. The 
definition of suicide by the Christian faith is explained in the following manner; to commit 
suicide is to “throw away Gods most divine gift”, the gift of life. And anyone who willingly 
throws this gift away will forever burn in hell without any chance for redemption. 
Then you have other Christian denominations like Protestantism who literally propagates 
a view which nullifies the meaning of hell, good deeds, martyrdom and sainthood 
altogether. According to Protestant laws (for a majority of denominations), you will not go 
to hell regardless of the fact that you have committed suicide for any imaginable reason. 
As long as you turn to Jesus before death occurs, all will be forgiven… Not only have the 
Protestant views made a mockery of every Christian historical codex, it has also severely 
undermined the practice and glorification of good deeds, martyrdom and sainthood. Who 
will willingly walk a saint’s path involving pain, sacrifice and martyrdom if there is no 
distinction between a paedophile rapist murderer and Saint George of Lydda? I usually 
refer to Protestantism as the Marxism of Christianity. As long as you ask forgiveness 
before you die you can literally live a life as the most despicable character imaginable. 
So, in regards to Catholic canon law, the question is; will Justiciar Knights be rejected in 
heaven as they martyr themselves for the cause or have to “self terminate” during or 
after an operation, for various reasons?
There are several distinctions that have to be made in this regard:
1.
A Justiciar Knight martyring himself for the cause and dies from wounds inflicted by system 
protectors (police/regime agents)
2.
A Justiciar Knight martyring himself for the cause and dies non-intentionally from wounds 
inflicted by his own actions (explosion etc.)
3.
A Justiciar Knight martyring himself for the cause and dies intentionally from wounds 
inflicted by his own actions (explosion etc.) in order to prevent capture. Capture, by the 
system protectors working for the multiculturalist regime, could lead to torture and may 
result in a scenario where information is extracted involuntarily leading to the 
apprehension, and even the murder, of other Justiciar Knights
4.
A Justiciar Knight self terminates after apprehension to escape torture and 
murder/execution
Points 1-3 are considered standard martyrdom deaths, under canon law, which guarantee 
an abundance of grace and the entry to heaven. Point 4, however, is not a clear case of a 
martyrdom death but must be seen in perspective to the circumstances. In point 4, a 
Justiciar Knight would have fulfilled his pact with God (in which he made during the 
initiation rite) which will lead to him acquiring an abundance of grace regardless of 
outcome of the operation, as long as he did his best. Because in light of the Knights 
Templar initiation rite; the candidate has already forfeited/surrendered his life to God and 
the struggle for the preservation of European Christendom. As such, life – God’s gift, has 
already been “spent” on the struggle. You cannot “take/kill” something that has already 
been voluntarily sacrificed. Therefore, in reference to point 4, God’s gift of life is not 
wasted but has instead more or less fully been used in a manner which pleases God. An 
individual who receives a life sentence in prison, as a result of his actions relating to the 
European Resistance Movement and the liberation of Western Europe from the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist dictatorships, is not in a position to take away something that has 
already been given away.  As such, if he chooses to self terminate (not suicide) for logical 
reasons, or to prevent torture and certain death (this is a likely scenario in many Western 
European prisons as Muslims dominate a majority of them), it is not considered suicide 
but will nevertheless take a toll on the amount of grace already acquired. Because a 
perfect man, in Gods eyes, should be willing to withstand inhuman suffering for the 
duration of his natural life, if required. However, man is flawed by default and will often 
be unwilling to face a lifetime of torture in a multiculturalist prison, locked up together 
with Jihadists. 
Justiciar Knights and martyrdom
To take an illustration; Saint George of Lydda, perhaps THE most celebrated saint, 
martyred himself for the Christian faith, for his country and for his people. He knew that 
his action would lead to his death, yet he continued down that path well knowing what 
would eventually await him. I guess this illustrates the primary distinction between 
suicide and martyrdom. Suicide is a selfish act while martyrdom is a selfless act. When 
someone commits suicide, they want their pain to end and offer few thoughts for his 
family, friends and his people. When a Justiciar Knight martyrs himself for the cause he 
walks down a path well knowing what is likely to await him. He chooses this path of 
sacrifice, not for his own self serving needs, but for his family, friends, his people, his 
culture, his nation and for the preservation of Christendom. As such, he is sacrificing the 
most divine gift, life itself, in service of others and in service of God. This is considered to 
be the most noble and glories act a human being can ever hope to achieve. This is why 
such acts of any Justiciar Knight are directly comparable to that of our guardian saint; 
Saint George of Lydda, one of the most celebrated heroes in Christianity. 
Any Justiciar Knight, in light of his initiation pledge, has fully committed his life to our 
cause. He is therefore standing with one leg thoroughly planted in heaven already as he 
has already surrendered his life to God. His remaining service, regardless of outcome is 
merely a formality; providing he does the best he can to benefit the cause.  
A Justiciar Knight for the Knights Templar, who for tactical reasons, chose to self 
terminate during or after an operation is not considered to have “thrown God’s gift away” 
as he is a martyr for the Church. He has sacrificed his freedom and his life to secure the 
existence of his family, friends, his people, country and the European Church and has 
such contributed to prevent European Christendom from being gradually deconstructed 
by the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe. 
As God knows everything, he is well aware of the intentions and deeds of every Justiciar 
Knight. Therefore, to self terminate for strategic or logical reasons (to prevent 
information extraction by the enemy which will lead to the apprehension of other Justiciar 
Knights), is not considered suicide but an extension of the sacrifice made to our cause. 
As such, this final act of sacrifice is added to the amount of good deeds and grace 
generated by the individual.
Future considerations for possible veneration of Justiciar Knights
A Justiciar Knight who martyrs himself for the cause, and/or self terminates during or 
after an operation for tactical reasons, should be celebrated as martyrs for the Church. It 
is expected that the Catholic Church and other denominations of Church authorities in 
Europe (and independent canon law experts) acknowledges our sacrifices and defines our 
deeds as acts of martyrdom for the Church, according to canon law. The Church should 
not have second thoughts on the matter as they are fully aware of the fact that European 
Christendom is gradually being deconstructed. It is time that the Pope and his cardinals 
begin to resist the deliberate deconstruction of European Christendom. The process 
would, however, be quite challenging, but worth the effort as all Justiciar Knights who 
dies for their faith will be a great source of inspiration for generations to come. They will 
be role models. Certain, exceptionally brave and selfless, Justiciar Knights in the coming 
decades should even be considered as candidates for official veneration.

