# 3.151 There are no atheists in foxholes – preparing for martyrdom

> 原文页码: 1341-1345

Indeed, glorious things are told of you, city of God! Now then we will set forth something 
of the delights in which you abound, for the praise and glory of your name.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Bernard_of_Clairvaux
3.151 There are no atheists in foxholes – preparing for martyrdom
European Christendom isn’t just about having a personal relationship with Jesus or God. 
It is so much more. Christendom is identity, moral, laws and codexes which has produced 
the greatest civilisation the world has ever witnessed. People better than the 
contemporary atheists have attempted to abolish Christendom and failed.
Clinton Richard Dawkins 1941-
Twice divorced, Richard spends his days popularizing the idea that everything, absolutely 
everything (including his marriage failures) can be explained through purely materialistic 
means. Raised in the Church of England, he decided that the theory of evolution better 
explained the universe than his religious understanding. So, in 1976, Mr. Dawkins wrote a 
book called, The Selfish Gene, to show that we are only selfish creatures at best, and the 
only reason why we survive so well is because we are actually good at being selfish. Our 
selfishness is part of our genetic make-up, and it drives almost everything we do. 
Richard has since written many more books promoting his interpretation of the 
mechanics of life, but he has a very clear agenda - to blame God and even the concept of 
God for all of man's ills. He seeks to prove that mankind would be so much better off 
without any moral anchor, and without any moral judge except ourselves.
Thomas Paine (1737-1809)
Thomas had a grand vision for society: he was staunchly anti-slavery, and he was one of 
the first to advocate a world peace organization and social security for the poor and 
elderly. But his radical views on religion would destroy his success, and by the end of his 
life, only a handful of people attended his funeral.
At the end of his life, Paine discovered that his contributions to the American Revolution 
had been all but eradicated due to his attack against religious views. Derided by the 
public and abandoned by his friends, he died on June 8, 1809 at the age of 72 in New 
York City.
François Marie Arouet Voltaire (1694-1778)
Voltaire boasted that within one hundred years of his time the Bible would be non-
existent, replaced by his own work.  
The Christian physician who attended Voltaire during his last illness said, "When I 
compare the death of a righteous man, which is like the close of a beautiful day, with that 
of Voltaire, I see the difference between bright, serene weather and a black 
thunderstorm. It was my lot that this man should die under my hands. Often did I tell 
him the truth. ’Yes, my friend,’ he would often say to me, ’you are the only one who has 
given me good advice. Had I but followed it I would not be in the horrible condition in 
which I now am. I have swallowed nothing but smoke. I have intoxicated myself with the 
incense that turned my head. You can do nothing for me. Send me a mad doctor! Have 
compassion on me-I am mad!’  The physician goes on to say: "I cannot think of it without 
shuddering. As soon as he saw that all the means he had employed to increase his 
strength had just the opposite effect, death was constantly before his eyes. From this 
moment, madness took possession of his soul. He expired under the torments of the 
furies." At another time his doctor quoted Voltaire as saying: "I am abandoned by God 
and man! I will give you half of what I am worth if you will give me six months’ life. Then 
I shall go to hell; and you will go with me. O Christ! O Jesus Christ!"
Fifty years after his death, the Geneva Bible Society bought the house and printing press 
of Voltaire and printed stacks of Bibles in his living room!  Voltaire has become an 
historical footnote while the Bible continues to increase in every part of the world.
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
"God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we, murderers of all 
murderers, console ourselves? That which was the holiest and mightiest of all that the 
world has yet possessed has bled to death under our knives. Who will wipe this blood off 
us? With what water could we purify ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred 
games shall we need to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must 
we not ourselves become gods simply to be worthy of it?"
Nietzsche died insane, in an asylum, of syphilis — signing his last letters “the Crucified 
One.” He was adored by the Nazis as their semi-official philosopher.
Diocletian (A.D. 303)
The emperor Diocletian began one of the most terrible persecutions of Christianity in 
history.  One target of his violence was the Bible itself.  He ordered that every copy of the 
Bible be confiscated and burned. Only 25 years later, Constantine (the very next emperor 
of Rome) ordered that 50 copies of the Scriptures be prepared and paid for by the Roman 
Government.  
In spite of Diocletian's efforts, there were plenty of Bibles around to make more copies 
and see the world completely turned upside-down!
Karl Marx (1818-1883)
Marx believed that religion could only be abolished when man finally realized that he had 
control over the world, and that man would have to take complete control of the 
economy of the world. This was the foundation of Communism. And the ultimate goal of 
economic control (Communism), was the abolition of religious belief. Karl knew that all 
religion had to go, because he knew that Christianity, and Judaism both instilled the 
rights of private ownership, and self-protection, and individualism, which were completely 
contrary to Communism.
Carl died never getting to see just what damnable use his ideas were put to by the likes 
of Lenin, Stalin and Mao! Carl would be "proud" of the almost 100 million deaths directly 
resulting from his rejection of God's laws!
Sigmund Freud (1856-1939)
Freud was raised in a world steeped in religious belief. His home was a small town 
(Freiberg, Morovia) where — like so many towns in the nineteenth century in Eastern 
Europe — a community of Jews lived among a majority of Catholics. His interpretation of 
God was based on the Bible being written by man, not as we know, dictated by God.
Sigmund died of cancer of the jaw, heart failure, and an overdose of morphine 
administered by his doctor (assisted suicide)
Even the most hardened atheist turns to Christ during his final hour
Are we sure there is nothing on the other side? Many men thought there wasn’t an 
afterlife until just before they died. Here is a selection of the last words of well known 
atheists and sceptics before dying:
“I am as good as without hope, a sad old man gazing into the final chasm.”
Thomas Carlyle
“My principles have poisoned my friend… My extravagance has beggared my boy… My 
unkindness has murdered my wife… And is there another hell yet ahead?”
Aldamont, the sceptic
“Until this moment, I thought there was neither God nor hell… Now I know and feel that 
there are both, and I am doomed to perdition by the just judgment of the Almighty…”
Sir Thomas Scott, chancellor of England
“All is dark and doubtfull.”
Edward Gibbon, author
“Oh, my poor soul! What will become of thee? Whither wilt thou go?”
Mazarin, French cardinal
“I am about to take a fearful leap into the dark.”
Thomas Hobbes, political philosopher and sceptic
“I know I am lost forever! Oh, that fire! Oh, the insufferable pangs of hell!”
Sir Francis Newport, sceptic
“I am abandoned by God and man… I shall go to hell.”
Voltaire
“I have been everything, and everything is nothing.”
Severus, Roman Emperor
“I would give worlds if I had them… that the Age of Reason had never been published. Oh, 
God, save me; for I am at the edge of hell alone…”
Thomas Paine
There are no atheists in foxholes
I’m not going to pretend I’m a very religious person as that would be a lie. I’ve always 
been very pragmatic and influenced by my secular surroundings and environment. In the 
past, I remember I used to think; 
“Religion is a crutch for weak people. What is the point in believing in a higher power if you 
have confidence in yourself!? Pathetic.” 
Perhaps this is true for many cases. Religion is a crutch for many weak people and many 
embrace religion for self serving reasons as a source for drawing mental strength (to feed 
their weak emotional state f example during  illness, death, poverty etc.). Since I am not 
a hypocrite, I’ll say directly that this is my agenda as well. However, I have not yet felt 
the need to ask God for strength, yet... But I’m pretty sure I will pray to God as I’m 
rushing through my city, guns blazing, with 100 armed system protectors pursuing me 
with the intention to stop and/or kill. I know there is a 80%+ chance I am going to die 
during the operation as I have no intention to surrender to them until I have completed 
all three primary objectives AND the bonus mission. When I initiate (providing I haven’t 
been apprehended before then), there is a 70% chance that I will complete the first 
objective, 40% for the second , 20% for the third and less than 5% chance that I will be 
able to complete the bonus mission. It is likely that I will pray to God for strength at one 
point during that operation, as I think most people in that situation would.  
I can’t possibly imagine how my state of mind will be during the time of the operation, 
though. It will be during a steroid cycle and on top of that; during an ephedrine rush, 
which will increase my aggressiveness, physical performance and mental focus with at 
least 50-60% but possibly up to 100%. In addition, I will put my iPod on max volume as 
a tool to suppress fear if needed. I might just put Lux Aeterna by Clint Mansell on repeat 
as it is an incredibly powerful song. The combination of these factors (when added on top 
of intense training, simulation, superior armour and weaponry) basically turns you into 
an extremely focused and deadly force, a one-man-army.  At the moment, I do not fear 
death, but I am very concerned about being afraid on the day of the mission. I’m afraid 
that the potential fear I might experience during the mission will paralyze me or will 
result in me “crapping my pants” so to speak. Theoretically, this will not happen, as I 
have grown to be extremely mentally disciplined and I have undergone numerous hours 
of training and simulations. Nevertheless, it is impossible to properly simulate a 
martyrdom operation so I am still somewhat concerned for my mental state during that 
time. 
If praying will act as an additional mental boost/soothing it is the pragmatical thing to do. 
I guess I will find out... If there is a God I will be allowed to enter heaven as all other 
martyrs for the Church in the past.
 I am pursuing religion for this very reason and everyone else should as well, providing it 
will give you a mental boost. There is no shame in praying minutes before your death. I 
highly recommend that you, prior to the operation, visit a Church and perform the 
Eucharist (Holy Communion/The Lord's Supper ). As we know, this ritual represents the 
final meal that Jesus Christ shared with his disciples before his arrest and eventual 
crucifixion. You should also solve any issues you might have with God and ask for 
forgiveness for past sins. Finally, ask him to prepare for the arrival of a martyr for the 
Church. A hardened atheist may think this is silly, but believe me when I say; you will be 
extremely glad you did as soon as you realise you may actually die after the initiation of 
your operation. 
Sure, many deny God now. But when they're looking death in the face, when they're sick 
or in an accident or staring down the barrel of a gun, they'll change their mind. They'll 
beg for God then. There are no atheists in foxholes.
“Thought I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, thou art with me.”
King David
“I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth in me though he were dead, yet shall 
he live.”
Jesus of Nazareth
In times of extreme stress or fear, such as when participating in warfare or a martyrdom 
operation, all people will believe in or hope for a higher power.
Pragmaticists or rationalistic minded individuals who are hardened atheists should 
consider the following; it may be pragmatic to believe in an afterlife as it will make you a 
more efficient soldier.  The less fearfull a person is the more effective he will be as a 
warrior. A person who believes that death is eternal is likely to be more fearful than an 
individual who believes in an afterlife. And as we all know; fear is poison in combat and it 
will cause confusion and hesitation. A spiritually confident individual, who does not fear 
what awaits him, is less likely to fear death and will therefore act more confidently and 
professionally in warfare. As such (and from a pragmatical viewpoint), religion is an 
essential component in warfare but ESSENTIAL in martyrdom operations. 
A great majority of people tend to seek out a divine power when they are facing an 
extreme threat. It is therefore essential and it is strongly recommended that all Justiciar 
Knights (even our Christian agnostic and Christian atheist brothers and sisters) attend 
Church before the operation to seek absolution and to request that God infuses our our 
soul and our armour of steel with the armour of spiritual protection and confidence. 

