# 3.80 Reforming the European Church – from a diversified and un-appealing “Labour Church” to a united, strong and appealing “Traditional Church”

> 原文页码: 1130-1135

European political solutions for the future
“HAD I the heavens’ embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
The blue and the dim and the dark cloths
Of night and light and the half light,
I would spread the cloths under your feet:
But I, being poor, have only my dreams;
I have spread my dreams under your feet;
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.”
W.B. Yeats (1865–1939)
This chapter is not yet complete due to the complexity of the various aspects relating to 
solutions for Western Europe. I have, however, covered the basics of several relevant 
topics.
3.80 Reforming the European Church – from a diversified and un-appealing 
“Labour Church” to a united, strong and appealing “Traditional Church”
6 decades of the Marxist doctrines of cultural relativism/pluralism and egalitarian thinking 
has severely infected especially the Protestant church in Europe. 
This has resulted in a situation where a majority of Protestants, me included, have lost all 
respect for the Protestant church. 
An increasing number of European Protestants are converting to Catholicism. Only by 
turning to Rome may Protestants be able to see some of the shortcomings of our 
espoused faith. 
Here is a list of reasons why Catholicism is a better alternative:
The Church cannot survive in a cultural Marxist society
A cultural Marxist society defies and rejects supernaturalism and tradition and thus does 
what they can to gradually deconstruct the Church and the role of the Church. For 
modernist Protestants (or also referred to as the Labour Party Church) religion is a 
matter of fighting for equal rights, making the world a better place, being kind to 
everyone and 'spirituality'. It doesn't take very long for people to realise that you don't 
have to go to church for that. So people stop going, and that eventually means the death 
of modernist Christianity. The first generation of modernist Christians will attend church 
regularly. The second will attend church sometimes. The third almost never. The fourth 
and fifth will not see any need for worship. They will conclude that if religion is no more 
than good works, then the religious ritual is redundant.
The “Labour Party Protestant Church” is subjective and sentimentalist
It eschews doctrine and favours individual spirituality and sentimental responses to 
doctrines and moral issues. It is not long, therefore, before the individualist and 
sentimentalist inclinations drive a person from a church that is dogmatic and demanding. 
Modernists will prefer their own spirituality and emotional experiences to any sort of 
formal religious commitment. Thus the modern admission, "I'm interested in spirituality 
but not religion." When this attitude prevails, modernist religion dies.
The Protestant Church is historically revisionist
They re-write history according to their prejudices. In religious terms this means they are 
cut off from tradition. They are therefore cut off from the life-stream of real religion. As 
they cut themselves off from the tradition they will only have the latest religious 
gimmick, fad or adaptation to contemporary culture. Such an ephemeral attitude cannot 
provide for long term sustained religious longevity.
Cultural Marxism contracept and abort
They don't have enough children to train up in their religion, and those children they do 
have are often taught that freedom of choice is a higher virtue than commitment or duty 
in religion. So they will lose the next generation to either real religion or paganism. The 
Protestant Church allows moral degeneracy and that saps the strength out of real 
religion. Devotees of the Church demand moral purity, self discipline and restraint. Real 
religion requires self discipline.
The Protestant church makes no demands
The Protestant Church makes no great demands for its devotees to be religious. Ask any 
modernist Protestant, "Why should I come to Church?" What would he answer? "You 
don't have to come to church. It's there if you want it. If it does you good, and makes 
you feel better, we're here to serve you." Priests wring their hands and wonder why no 
one comes to Church anymore. It's because for forty years they've been saying, "It's not 
really a mortal sin to miss Church. You should come because you love God, not because 
you fear him." While this sentiment may be laudable, they shouldn't therefore be 
surprised if no one comes to Church.
The Rock of Tradition
Many Protestant converts embrace the Tradition of the Roman Catholic Church and 
contend that this Tradition sets the Catholic Faith apart from its Protestant counterpart. 
Catholicism is far "richer" than anything Protestantism can offer, since only Rome can lay 
claim to apostolic succession and living Tradition as an infallible guide to interpreting Holy 
Writ.
Only Rome is the true church, since only Rome can lay claim to apostolic succession 
dating back to Peter, the rock, per the sixteenth chapter of Matthew ("...you are Peter 
and upon this rock I will build my church..."). Only the Roman Catholic Church is rooted 
and grounded in this ancient apostolic tradition. Thus, "there is no fully Christian church 
but the one that was there from the beginning.  By cutting itself off from this unbroken 
chain of succession dating back to Peter, Protestantism was adrift from the beginning. 
And given the maturity of the "Mother Church," the Protestant Reformation was really 
nothing more than a kind of teen-age rebellion.
Sure, Martin Luther was an essential figure and it is thanks to the Protestant revolution 
that Europe was “allowed to become” the technological and scientific superpower it is. 
Hadn’t it been for the separation of Church and state we may have still lived in the dark 
ages. 
The Protestant reformation/revolution was needed and has resulted in the following 
positive changes (all these changes have been adopted by the Catholic countries/Catholic 
church as well): 
-
The partial separation of Church and state (significantly limiting the political power of the 
Church)
-
Allowing European countries/companies all rights in regards to research and development 
(scientific evolution).
-
Removing corrupt policies relating to indulgences/absolution (financial compensation to 
avoid purgatory or the practice of indulgences being sold)
-
Allowing mass to be held on non-Latin languages 
The Role of Tradition
A few important factors is the apostolic succession and to the antiquity of the Roman 
Catholic Church. However, Scripture was never intended to be the believer's sole guide 
for all of faith and practice; for all that he believes and does. Scripture and Tradition 
belong together as well.
Scriptures lack of relation to Church
Christ left a church, not a book, and that the Protestant doctrine of Sola Scriptura (by 
scripture alone) is illogical because the formation of the canon (i.e. what we recognise as 
Scripture) was itself a monumental act of the church. Thus, the Bible requires an 
infallible church.
Lack of guide to scripture
The church is a necessary guide to the meaning of Scripture. If the Constitution, as a 
relatively simple human text, needs the Supreme Court as its interpretive guide, then all 
the more does Scripture need the Catholic Church as its interpretive guide.
Lack of interpretational authority
The Protestant doctrine of Sola Scriptura leads to an "incipient subjectivism" since 
without Tradition, each man becomes his own authority and interpreter of Scripture. This 
has resulted in competing interpretations in the Protestant marketplace resulting in 
various directions of Protestantism.
Authority and Authoritativeness
Authority, in all of our daily experiences, means a person or institution empowered to 
enforce a rule. Sola scriptura is in a sense a philosophical sleight of hand. A book by its 
nature can only be authoritative, not an authority.
Ironically, it was the first pope, the apostle Peter, who pointed out the rather obvious fact 
that Scripture is not necessarily self-explanatory; it can be twisted by the unscrupulous 
to support any theological position (2 Peter 3:16).
Protestantism leads to the disintegration of the Church
A liberal Protestant church with little or no authority results in chaos and therefore 
indirectly contributes to spawn a multitude of sects/denominations. There are now more 
than 25 000 Protestant sects and the number is growing![1]
Liturgical Longings
High church liturgy (much more dignified rituals known to Protestants as 
“service/communion”), is a common feature of Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox 
churches. The Reformed and Evangelical Protestant churches are missing out on an 
essential part, the fullness and richness of high church liturgy. The traditional Christian 
components such as the Mass and the Eucharist are essential.
To quote a Catholic:
“The splendour of Roman Catholic liturgy or the “vision” of the Roman Catholic Church is 
immense. It is full of glory and dignity. It is un-supportedly bright. But not only this: it is 
present in the Mass. ... But it is only in the liturgy...that the whole drama is unfurled and 
the scrim of temporality is pierced, and we begin to see both the abyss and the Sapphire 
Throne. It is very hard to keep this vision alive in non-liturgical worship.”
Liturgy, for the most part, is the same no matter which Catholic Church a parishioner 
attends. The Catholic can worship at any Catholic Church and discover there is basically 
the same order of worship, the same symbolism, and the same ritual.
Protestant churches have communion only a few times each year while Catholics has it 
on a weekly basis.
Love at First Sight- Aesthetic divinity and dignity
Many new Protestant churches lack the Aesthetic divinity and dignity a church should 
have. Many of these churches resemble minimalistic shopping malls, some even look like 
bomb shelters. 
High steeples, glorious columns, stained glass windows depicting former Christian saints 
and martyrs; no doubt these are beautiful things to behold. People are drawn to the 
richness of Catholic symbolism expressed in the architectural beauty of Catholic 
churches.
We Protestants correctly talk about our church building as “God's house”, but our church 
interiors resembled auditoriums, whereas you will immediately be struck by a different 
ambience inside Catholic churches: there is a permeating “divine presence”, the 
candlelight, kneeling saints, statues, and wonderful altars, even when no worship is in 
progress.
Protestants need to learn that worshipping God is something which involves their entire 
being. And Protestants also need to learn that symbolism is, in a sense, inescapable.
Catholicism/Protestantism and multiculturalism/internationalism/ suicidal 
humanism
Today’s European Church leaders (both Catholic and Protestant) are mostly 
internationalists/multiculturalists and socially and theologically on the left (obviously 
Protestants more so than Catholics). They are more concerned with the welfare of 
Jihadists, the so called Palestinians in particular then the persecuted Christians around 
the world. They ignore persecuted Christian minorities in the Middle East and in Africa. 
This is unacceptable and our future European Church will reflect our political doctrines. 
They should be compassionate but first and foremost towards other Christians.  
Catholics themselves often buy into the non-Christian aspects of political leftism. Their 
leftism, to be quite blunt, is often born of an unparalleled theological naiveté. A church 
leader who fails to understand the essential Islamic doctrines of Taqiiya and Naskh and 
the subsequent threat posed by Islam must be removed from office. No 
multiculturalist/suicidal humanist church leaders will be allowed to spread their 
ideological poison in the future as they will be replaced by conservatives. We cannot 
afford to allow suicidal naive Church leaders sell Christians to Islamic slavery. 
The future European Church must focus less on proletarian consciousness and should 
adapt more of the Calvinistic views relating to national and local industriousness (with 
the exception of globalist capitalism). Christian leftism is ultimately based on a mistaken 
theological premise: that God has a "preferential love for the poor." Scripture, however, 
informs us that God is no respecter of persons. As such, true Christianity refuses to 
romanticise either wealth or poverty (Prov. 30:8-9).
The contemporary definition of the Christian world view will be reformed to correlate with 
nationalistic doctrines, allowing the national pursuit of prosperity and allowing unlimited 
research and development relating to every aspect of technology and science (including 
all aspects of biological research, reprogenetics etc.).  
The Pope, the ultimate knight of Christendom
When a just and conservative Pope mounts the chair of Peter, the tide will set strongly 
toward Rome. We will hear of conversions on every hand. The joyful radiance of this 
Popes appearance among us will be seen as nothing less than a strong and just knight of 
Christianity. A Crusader Pope, a man who symbolises and protects the persecuted 
Church. This new Pope will be a defender of Christianity, and will not contribute to the 
annihilation of Christendom through suicidal humanism. 
Unity instead of diversity - Appeal to the Masses
The one (the Pope) appeals to the many, the united masses. There is no larger unified 
group of professing Christians on the face of the earth than Catholics. A just and strong 
Pope should be the religions and somewhat cultural and moral authority for all Christians. 
Egalitarian thought (extreme equality) leads to a Church stripped of authority 
which causes Christians to lose whatever respect they had
The Protestant liberal Church defends and encourages the ordination of women, divorce, 
abortion, the mass scale distribution of contraceptive pills and contributes to glorify 
homosexuality (including the ordination of homosexuals). When the Church resembles a 
minimalistic shopping mall, the female priest wears jeans, defends abortion and the mass 
scale distribution of contraceptive pills, defends the Jihad against the Israelis and lives a 
sexually active life; then what is the point? We must go back to our Catholic roots. We, 
the protestant nations of Europe should not forget that we were all Catholics once.  
Future goal for the European Protestant Church
The goal must obviously not be to create a new theocracy. Europe will still remain 
predominantly secular. However, the Churches primary role will be to contribute to unity 
by offering cultural and spiritual opportunities. The Church will once again be allowed to 
do what it was intended to do; to propagate and maintain cultural unity through pre 
defined rituals and celebrations. Christendom is after all the primary factor that unites all 
Europeans. We should therefore strive to create a united Church through reforming it, 
which ends up as a Church worthy of our respect.
To quote a Protestant convert to Catholicism:  
“When asked what attracted me to Catholicism, I cannot say, for it wasn't something it was 
everything. The art, the architecture, its antiquity, the nativity scenes, the role of the mass, 
the beauty of the liturgy...the social conscience of the Church, its prophetic role in our 
modern world, the lives of the saints, the mystery, the presence of Christ, the sheer 
universality -- I was falling in love -- and perfect love casts out all fear, if not all 
apprehension.
Explanations
Liturgy: The word, which especially among Protestants is sometimes rendered by its 
English translation "service", refers to an elaborate formal ritual such as the Catholic 
Mass/Eucharist.
Eucharist: The Eucharist, also called Holy Communion, Sacrament of the Table, the 
Blessed Sacrament, or The Lord's Supper, and other names, is a Christian sacrament or 
ordinance, generally considered to be a commemoration of the Last Supper, the final 
meal that Jesus Christ shared with his disciples before his arrest and eventual crucifixion. 
The consecration of bread and a cup within the rite recalls the moment at the Last 
Supper when Jesus gave his disciples bread, saying, "This is my body", and wine, saying, 
"This is my blood"

