# 3.81 The future of European Christendom

> 原文页码: 1136-1137

Mass: Mass is the usual English-language name for the Eucharistic celebration in the 
Latin liturgical rites of the Catholic Church. The term is used also of similar celebrations 
in Old Catholic Churches (a German schism from the 19th Century), in the Anglo-Catholic 
tradition of Anglicanism, in many Lutheran churches, and in a small number of High 
Church Methodist parishes.
The Mass and the Eucharist really can't be separated since the latter is the central act -- 
the climax -- of the former.
Nativity scenes: A nativity scene is a depiction of the birth of Jesus as described in the 
gospels of Matthew and Luke. Living nativity scenes, in which real people and animals 
participate, exhibit (at the minimum) figures representing the infant Jesus, his mother 
Mary, and Mary's husband, Joseph. Some nativity scenes include other characters from 
the Biblical story such as shepherds, the Magi, and angels.
Some features of the dramas became part of both Catholic and Protestant Christmas 
services with children often taking the parts of characters in the nativity story. Nativity 
plays and pageants, culminating in living nativity scenes, eventually entered public 
schools. Today, such exhibitions are challenged on the grounds of separation of church 
and state.
Further reading - books:
1. New Catholics, 2. Where Peter Is
Sources:
1. Ibid., pp. 9, 56, 59, 82, 128, 131.
3.81 The future of European Christendom
Embracing Christendom will be voluntary (under normal circumstances). People who 
chose to be atheists will enjoy the same rights. However, school curriculum and 
government policies will propagate cultural conservative policies, European 
traditionalism/Christendom much like European policies 40-60 years ago.
Preparing for the Great European Christian Congress
We cannot have a Vatican that trembles at the feet of the Islamic Ummah or a Vatican 
that facilitates its own destruction without a fight. We must therefore rid the Vatican of 
corrupt and even suicidal members and ensure that we have Church leaders who believe 
in a sustainable and confident European Christendom. We need a Christendom that 
believes in the fundamental concept of self defence and that has the will and ambition to 
survive. We need Christian leaders who are willing to call for defensive Crusades if any of 
our Christian brothers are threatened by Jihad in the future. European Church leaders 
must not be afraid to contact the media, political and military leaders and demand action.
The Great Christian Congress
A Christian Congress will be held with military leaders, political leaders and Church 
leaders. The intention of the congress will be to create the foundation for a future cultural 
and spiritual platform for Christendom in Europe. The Church will have to give many 
concessions but will gain many privileges in return. 
Privileges granted
The Church will be granted “public monopoly” (school curriculum, government policies) 
and Christendom will be the only official religion in European countries much like 
European policies reflected 40-60 years ago.
The Church will gain x amounts of seats in the new Parliament but no veto rights. They 
have a right and a duty to call for military Crusades if any international Christian minority 
is being threatened by Jihad in other parts of the World. Their advice should be taken 
under consideration by military leaders and politicians.
They will have the right and the duty to assist our militaries in planning Crusades for the 
benefit of liberating our Christian brothers in the Middle East but can also assist 
elsewhere f example in the Philippines or in Sudan etc. if as assistance has already been 
called for by Christian leaders. It is essential that that we, the future conservative leaders 
of Western Europe, as soon as humanly possible send military support to the leader of 
Southern Sudan, the devoted Christian Catholic, Salva Kiir, who has been fighting against 
Jihad for decades. Southern Sudan might be lost to the darkness of Islam if we do not 
assist. 
Concessions given
The Church and church leaders will not be allowed to influence non-cultural political 
matters in any way. This includes science, research and development and all non-cultural 
areas which will benefit Europe in the future. This will also include all areas relating to 
procreation/birth/fertility policies and related issues of scientific importance 
(reprogenetics). The Church will not be allowed to use “humanism” to push Europe down 
the former fanatically egalitarian path or use its influence to propagate a continuation of 
suicidal and non-rational aid policies. Furthermore, the Church will not be allowed to 
influence domestic issues relating to national security including the extended use of the 
death penalty, new and enforced restrictions concerning immigration and asylum 
practices.
The European Churches will be reformed
The current fanatically egalitarian, self loathing and suicidal Church of Europe will be 
reformed, even if we will have to go back to our roots, to the Vulgate, the Versio Vulgata 
[1] or the original pre-1611 King James Bible[2] which represented a Christendom that 
propagated self defence against the infidel Muslims. 
Our illiterate, lazy culture has spilled over to many professing Christians who have 
embraced the ways of the pacifist egalitarian. They are willing to read a modified, 
pacifist, gender neutral Bible, missing what God says so that they can continue to ignore 
their duties in regards to the ongoing Crusade (self defence). Our modern Bible 
perversion was written by men using dynamic equivalence. In other words, they are 
telling you their interpretation and their doctrine, NOT what the manuscripts really say. 
This can be confirmed by reviewing how the modern Church is using pacifist, fanatically 
egalitarian and gender inclusive language. Fanatical egalitarianism, gender inclusivity and 

