# 3.82 Patriarchy will be re-implemented

> 原文页码: 1138-1143

pacifism wasn't in the original texts, in the original Bible. it is a modern, feminist and 
cultural relativist concept born from the Marxist revolution.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulgate
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_james_bible
3.82 Patriarchy will be re-implemented 
The following essay by Phillip Longman further documents what Western European right 
wing intellectuals have stated for more than two decades. The patriarchy will return. The 
only remaining question for Western Europe is; Will the future Europe be dominated by a 
Muslim or Christian patriarchy? Will the European conservatives manage to seize power 
by military force or through a coup d’état before the cultural Marxists and other suicidal 
liberals manages to sell the peoples of Europe into Muslim slavery? We have only 20-70 
years before we are demographically overwhelmed by the hordes of Islam. Demography 
is king and unless we manage to deport all Muslims from European soil within the next 
20-70 years, Europe will be lost.  
We sincerely hope that the multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe will capitulate to 
conservative forces, in a relatively peaceful manner, before the capitals of Europe once 
again lies in complete ruin. Unfortunately, our hope is overshadowed by an instinct telling 
us that they will be unwilling to surrender, as we are unwilling to surrender. 
Europe will burn once more and rivers from the blood of patriots, tyrants and traitors will 
flow through the streets. However, a new European cultural renaissance will be born from 
the ashes. Islam and Marxism will not prevail.
The Return of the Patriarchy
By Phillip Longman
"If we could survive without a wife, citizens of Rome, all of us would do without that 
nuisance." So proclaimed the Roman general, statesman, and censor Quintus Caecilius 
Metellus Macedonicus, in 131 B.C. Still, he went on to plead, falling birth-rates required 
that Roman men fulfil their duty to reproduce, no matter how irritating Roman women 
might have become. "Since nature has so decreed that we cannot manage comfortably 
with them, nor live in any way without them, we must plan for our lasting preservation 
rather than for our temporary pleasure."
With the number of human beings having increased more than six-fold in the past 200 
years, the modern mind simply assumes that men and women, no matter how 
estranged, will always breed enough children to grow the population -- at least until 
plague or starvation sets in. It is an assumption that not only conforms to our long 
experience of a world growing ever more crowded, but which also enjoys the 
endorsement of such influential thinkers as Thomas Malthus and his many modern 
acolytes.
Yet, for more than a generation now, well-fed, healthy, peaceful populations around the 
world have been producing too few children to avoid population decline. That is true even 
though dramatic improvements in infant and child mortality mean that far fewer children 
are needed today (only about 2.1 per woman in modern societies) to avoid population 
loss. Birthrates are falling far below replacement levels in one country after the next -- 
from China, Japan, Singapore, and South Korea, to Canada, the Caribbean, all of Europe, 
Russia, and even parts of the Middle East.
Fearful of a future in which the elderly outnumber the young, many governments are 
doing whatever they can to encourage people to have children. Singapore has sponsored 
"speed dating" events, in hopes of bringing busy professionals together to marry and 
procreate. France offers generous tax incentives for those willing to start a family. In 
Sweden, the state finances day care to ease the tension between work and family life. 
Yet, though such explicitly pronatal policies may encourage people to have children at a 
younger age, there is little evidence they cause people to have more children than they 
otherwise would. As governments going as far back as imperial Rome have discovered, 
when cultural and economic conditions discourage parenthood, not even a dictator can 
force people to go forth and multiply.
Throughout the broad sweep of human history, there are many examples of people, or 
classes of people, who chose to avoid the costs of parenthood. Indeed, falling fertility is a 
recurring tendency of human civilization. Why then did humans not become extinct long 
ago? The short answer is patriarchy.
Patriarchy does not simply mean that men rule. Indeed, it is a particular value system 
that not only requires men to marry but to marry a woman of proper station. It competes 
with many other male visions of the good life, and for that reason alone is prone to come 
in cycles. Yet before it degenerates, it is a cultural regime that serves to keep birthrates 
high among the affluent, while also maximizing parents' investments in their children. No 
advanced civilization has yet learned how to endure without it.
Through a process of cultural evolution, societies that adopted this particular social 
system -- which involves far more than simple male domination -- maximized their 
population and therefore their power, whereas those that didn't were either overrun or 
absorbed. This cycle in human history may be obnoxious to the enlightened, but it is set 
to make a comeback.
The Conservative Baby Boom
The historical relation between patriarchy, population, and power has deep implications 
for our own time. As the United States is discovering today in Iraq, population is still 
power. Smart bombs, laser-guided missiles, and unmanned drones may vastly extend the 
violent reach of a hegemonic power. But ultimately, it is often the number of boots on the 
ground that changes history. Even with a fertility rate near replacement level, the United 
States lacks the amount of people necessary to sustain an imperial role in the world, just 
as Britain lost its ability to do so after its birthrates collapsed in the early 20th century. 
For countries such as China, Germany, Italy, Japan, and Spain, in which one-child 
families are now the norm, the quality of human capital may be high, but it has literally 
become too rare to put at risk.
Falling fertility is also responsible for many financial and economic problems that 
dominate today's headlines. The long-term financing of social security schemes, private 
pension plans, and healthcare systems has little to do with people living longer. Gains in 
life expectancy at older ages have actually been quite modest, and the rate of 
improvement in the United States has diminished for each of the last three decades. 
Instead, the falling ratio of workers to retirees is overwhelmingly caused by workers who 
were never born. As governments raise taxes on a dwindling working-age population to 
cover the growing burdens of supporting the elderly, young couples may conclude they 
are even less able to afford children than their parents were, thereby setting off a new 
cycle of population aging and decline.
Declining birthrates also change national temperament. In the United States, for 
example, the percentage of women born in the late 1930s who remained childless was 
near 10 percent. By comparison, nearly 20 percent of women born in the late 1950s are 
reaching the end of their reproductive lives without having had children. The greatly 
expanded childless segment of contemporary society, whose members are drawn 
disproportionately from the feminist and countercultural movements of the 1960s and 
70s, will leave no genetic legacy. Nor will their emotional or psychological influence on 
the next generation compare with that of their parents.
Meanwhile, single-child families are prone to extinction. A single child replaces one of his 
or her parents, but not both. Nor do single-child families contribute much to future 
population. The 17.4 percent of baby boomer women who had only one child account for 
a mere 7.8 percent of children born in the next generation. By contrast, nearly a quarter 
of the children of baby boomers descend from the mere 11 percent of baby boomer 
women who had four or more children. These circumstances are leading to the 
emergence of a new society whose members will disproportionately be descended from 
parents who rejected the social tendencies that once made childlessness and small 
families the norm. These values include an adherence to traditional, patriarchal religion, 
and a strong identification with one's own folk or nation.
This dynamic helps explain, for example, the gradual drift of American culture away from 
secular individualism and toward religious fundamentalism. Among states that voted for 
President George W. Bush in 2004, fertility rates are 12 percent higher than in states that 
voted for Sen. John Kerry. It may also help to explain the increasing popular resistance 
among rank-and-file Europeans to such crown jewels of secular liberalism as the 
European Union. It turns out that Europeans who are most likely to identify themselves 
as "world citizens" are also those least likely to have children.
Does this mean that today's enlightened but slow-breeding societies face extinction? 
Probably not, but only because they face a dramatic, demographically driven 
transformation of their cultures. As has happened many times before in history, it is a 
transformation that occurs as secular and libertarian elements in society fail to 
reproduce, and as people adhering to more traditional, patriarchal values inherit society 
by default.
At least as long ago as ancient Greek and Roman times, many sophisticated members of 
society concluded that investing in children brought no advantage. Rather, children came 
to be seen as a costly impediment to self-fulfilment and worldly achievement. But, 
though these attitudes led to the extinction of many individual families, they did not lead 
to the extinction of society as a whole. Instead, through a process of cultural evolution, a 
set of values and norms that can roughly be described as patriarchy re-emerged.
Demography is king
In the primordial past, to be sure, most societies did not coerce reproduction, because 
they had to avoid breeding faster than the wild game on which they fed. Indeed, in 
almost all the hunter-gatherer societies that survived long enough to be studied by 
anthropologists, such as the Eskimos and Tasmanian Bushmen, one finds customs that in 
one way or another discouraged population growth. In various combinations, these have 
included late marriage, genital mutilation, abortion, and infanticide. Some early hunter-
gatherer societies may have also limited population growth by giving women high-status 
positions. Allowing at least some number of females to take on roles such as priestess, 
sorcerer, oracle, artist, and even warrior would have provided meaningful alternatives to 
motherhood and thereby reduced overall fertility to within sustainable limits.
During the eons before agriculture emerged, there was little or no military reason to 
promote high fertility. War and conquests could bring little advantage to society. There 
were no granaries to raid, no livestock to steal, no use for slaves except rape. But with 
the coming of the Neolithic agricultural revolution, starting about 11,000 years ago, 
everything changed. The domestication of plants and animals led to vastly increased food 
supplies. Surplus food allowed cities to emerge, and freed more people to work on 
projects such as building pyramids and developing a written language to record history. 
But the most fateful change rendered by the agricultural revolution was the way it turned 
population into power. Because of the relative abundance of food, more and more 
societies discovered that the greatest demographic threat to their survival was no longer 
overpopulation, but underpopulation.
At that point, instead of dying of starvation, societies with high fertility grew in strength 
and number and began menacing those with lower fertility. In more and more places in 
the world, fast-breeding tribes morphed into nations and empires and swept away any 
remaining, slow-breeding hunters and gatherers. It mattered that your warriors were 
fierce and valiant in battle; it mattered more that there were lots of them.
That was the lesson King Pyrrhus learned in the third century B.C., when he marched his 
Greek armies into the Italian peninsula and tried to take on the Romans. Pyrrhus initially 
prevailed at a great battle at Asculum. But it was, as they say, "a Pyrrhic victory," and 
Pyrrhus could only conclude that "another such victory over the Romans and we are 
undone." The Romans, who by then were procreating far more rapidly than were the 
Greeks, kept pouring in reinforcements -- "as from a fountain continually flowing out of 
the city," the Greek historian Plutarch tells us. Hopelessly outnumbered, Pyrrhus went on 
to lose the war, and Greece, after falling into a long era of population decline, eventually 
became a looted colony of Rome.
Like today's modern, well-fed nations, both ancient Greece and Rome eventually found 
that their elites had lost interest in the often dreary chores of family life. "In our time all 
Greece was visited by a dearth of children and a general decay of population," lamented 
the Greek historian Polybius around 140 B.C., just as Greece was giving in to Roman 
domination. "This evil grew upon us rapidly, and without attracting attention, by our men 
becoming perverted to a passion for show and money and the pleasures of an idle life." 
But, as with civilizations around the globe, patriarchy, for as long as it could be 
sustained, was the key to maintaining population and, therefore, power.
Father Knows Best?
Patriarchal societies come in many varieties and evolve through different stages. What 
they have in common are customs and attitudes that collectively serve to maximize 
fertility and parental investment in the next generation. Of these, among the most 
important is the stigmatization of "illegitimate" children. One measure of the degree to 
which patriarchy has diminished in advanced societies is the growing acceptance of out-
of-wedlock births, which have now become the norm in Scandinavian countries, for 
example.
Under patriarchy, "bastards" and single mothers cannot be tolerated because they 
undermine male investment in the next generation. Illegitimate children do not take their 
fathers' name, and so their fathers, even if known, tend not to take any responsibility for 
them. By contrast, "legitimate" children become a source of either honour or shame to 
their fathers and the family line. The notion that legitimate children belong to their 
fathers' family, and not to their mothers', which has no basis in biology, gives many men 
powerful emotional reasons to want children, and to want their children to succeed in 
passing on their legacy. Patriarchy also leads men to keep having children until they 
produce at least one son.
Another key to patriarchy's evolutionary advantage is the way it penalizes women who do 
not marry and have children. Just decades ago in the English-speaking world, such 
women were referred to, even by their own mothers, as spinsters or old maids, to be 
pitied for their barrenness or condemned for their selfishness. Patriarchy made the 
incentive of taking a husband and becoming a full-time mother very high because it 
offered women few desirable alternatives.
To be sure, a society organized on such principles may well degenerate over time into 
misogyny, and eventually sterility, as occurred in both ancient Greece and Rome. In more 
recent times, the patriarchal family has also proved vulnerable to the rise of capitalism, 
which profits from the diversion of female labour from the house to the workplace. But as 
long as the patriarchal system avoids succumbing to these threats, it will produce a 
greater quantity of children, and arguably children of higher quality, than do societies 
organized by other principles, which is all that evolution cares about.
This claim is contentious. Today, after all, we associate patriarchy with the hideous abuse 
of women and children, with poverty and failed states. Taliban rebels or Muslim fanatics 
in Nigeria stoning an adulteress to death come to mind. Yet these are examples of 
insecure societies that have degenerated into male tyrannies, and they do not represent 
the form of patriarchy that has achieved evolutionary advantage in human history. Under 
a true patriarchal system, such as in early Rome or 17th-century Protestant Europe, 
fathers have strong reason to take an active interest in the children their wives bear. That 
is because, when men come to see themselves, and are seen by others, as upholders of 
a patriarchal line, how those children turn out directly affects their own rank and honour.
Under patriarchy, maternal investment in children also increases. As feminist economist 
Nancy Folbre has observed, "Patriarchal control over women tends to increase their 
specialization in reproductive labour, with important consequences for both the quantity 
and the quality of their investments in the next generation." Those consequences 
arguably include: more children receiving more attention from their mothers, who, 
having few other ways of finding meaning in their lives, become more skilled at keeping 
their children safe and healthy. Without implying any endorsement for the strategy, one 
must observe that a society that presents women with essentially three options -- be a 
nun, be a prostitute, or marry a man and bear children -- has stumbled upon a highly 
effective way to reduce the risk of demographic decline.
Patriarchy and Its Discontents
Patriarchy may enjoy evolutionary advantages, but nothing has ensured the survival of 
any particular patriarchal society. One reason is that men can grow weary of patriarchy's 
demands. Roman aristocrats, for example, eventually became so reluctant to accept the 
burdens of heading a family that Caesar Augustus felt compelled to enact steep "bachelor 
taxes" and otherwise punish those who remained unwed and childless. Patriarchy may 
have its privileges, but they may pale in comparison to the joys of bachelorhood in a 
luxurious society -- nights spent enjoyably at banquets with friends discussing sports, 
war stories, or philosophy, or with alluring mistresses, flute girls, or clever courtesans.
Women, of course, also have reason to grow weary of patriarchy, particularly when men 
themselves are no longer upholding their patriarchal duties. Historian Suzanne Cross 
notes that during the decades of Rome's civil wars, Roman women of all classes had to 
learn how to do without men for prolonged periods, and accordingly developed a new 
sense of individuality and independence. Few women in the upper classes would agree to 
a marriage to an abusive husband. Adultery and divorce became rampant.
Often, all that sustains the patriarchal family is the idea that its members are upholding 
the honour of a long and noble line. Yet, once a society grows cosmopolitan, fast-paced, 
and filled with new ideas, new peoples, and new luxuries, this sense of honour and 
connection to one's ancestors begins to fade, and with it, any sense of the necessity of 
reproduction. "When the ordinary thought of a highly cultivated people begins to regard 
'having children' as a question of pro's and con's," Oswald Spengler, the German historian 
and philosopher, once observed, "the great turning point has come."
The Return of Patriarchy
Yet that turning point does not necessarily mean the death of a civilization, only its 
transformation. Eventually, for example, the sterile, secular, noble families of imperial 
Rome died off, and with them, their ancestors' idea of Rome. But what was once the 
Roman Empire remained populated. Only the composition of the population changed. 
Nearly by default, it became composed of new, highly patriarchal family units, hostile to 
the secular world and enjoined by faith either to go forth and multiply or join a 
monastery. With these changes came a feudal Europe, but not the end of Europe, nor the 
end of Western Civilization.
We may witness a similar transformation during this century. In Europe today, for 
example, how many children different people have, and under what circumstances, 
correlates strongly with their beliefs on a wide range of political and cultural attitudes. 
For instance, do you distrust the army? Then, according to polling data assembled by 
demographers Ronny Lesthaeghe and Johan Surkyn, you are less likely to be married and 
have kids-or ever to get married and have kids-than those who say they have no 
objection to the military. Or again, do you find soft drugs, homosexuality, and euthanasia 
acceptable? Do you seldom, if ever, attend church? For whatever reason, people 
answering affirmatively to such questions are far more likely to live alone, or in childless, 
cohabitating unions, than those who answer negatively.
The great difference in fertility rates between secular individualists and religious or 
cultural conservatives augurs a vast, demographically driven change in modern societies. 
Consider the demographics of France, for example. Among French women born in the 
early 1960s, less than a third have three or more children. But this distinct minority of 
French women (most of them presumably practicing Catholics and Muslims) produced 
more than 50 percent of all children born to their generation, in large measure because 
so many of their contemporaries had one child or none at all.
Many childless, middle-aged people may regret the life choices that are leading to the 
extinction of their family lines, and yet they have no sons or daughters with whom to 
share their newfound wisdom. The plurality of citizens who have only one child may be 
able to invest lavishly in that child's education, but a single child will only replace one 
parent, not both. Meanwhile, the descendants of parents who have three or more 
children will be hugely overrepresented in subsequent generations, and so will the values 
and ideas that led their parents to have large families.
One could argue that history, and particularly Western history, is full of revolts of children 
against parents. Couldn't tomorrow's Europeans, even if they are disproportionately 
raised in patriarchal, religiously minded households, turn out to be another generation of 
'68?
The key difference is that during the post-World War II era, nearly all segments of 
modern societies married and had children. Some had more than others, but the 

