# 3.83 Re-creating the traditional patriarchal social structures

> 原文页码: 1144-1167

disparity in family size between the religious and the secular was not so large, and 
childlessness was rare. Today, by contrast, childlessness is common, and even couples 
who have children typically have just one. Tomorrow's children, therefore, unlike 
members of the postwar baby boom generation, will be for the most part descendants of 
a comparatively narrow and culturally conservative segment of society. To be sure, some 
members of the rising generation may reject their parents' values, as always happens. 
But when they look around for fellow secularists and counterculturalists with whom to 
make common cause, they will find that most of their wouldbe fellow travellers were 
quite literally never born.
Advanced societies are growing more patriarchal, whether they like it or not. In addition 
to the greater fertility of conservative segments of society, the rollback of the welfare 
state forced by population aging and decline will give these elements an additional 
survival advantage, and therefore spur even higher fertility. As governments hand back 
functions they once appropriated from the family, notably support in old age, people will 
find that they need more children to insure their golden years, and they will seek to bind 
their children to them through inculcating traditional religious values akin to the Bible's 
injunction to honour thy mother and father.
Societies that are today the most secular and the most generous with their underfunded 
welfare states will be the most prone to religious revivals and a rebirth of the patriarchal 
family. The absolute population of Europe and Japan may fall dramatically, but the 
remaining population will, by a process similar to survival of the fittest, be adapted to a 
new environment in which no one can rely on government to replace the family, and in 
which a patriarchal God commands family members to suppress their individualism and 
submit to father. 
3.83 Re-creating the traditional patriarchal social structures
When we, the cultural conservatives, seize political and military control of Western 
European countries within 20-70 years we will re-establish the patriarchal structures by 
partly deconstructing certain matriarchal fundaments. Doing so will ensure the survival of 
the nuclear family among many other factors. This should not be done by excessive 
regulation through banning women from attaining positions of influence (with the 
exception of areas relating to immigration, security and certain other segments). The 
Marxist ideologists of the Frankfurt school understood that the power of the patriarchy 
lies within the nuclear family. To illustrate this, look at Japanese and South Korean 
policies. They do not have any laws directly banning women from attaining positions of 
influence (becoming prime minister or president of a corporation). Yet they are 
traditional, patriarchal and very successful societies. Obviously, the Marxists did not 
succeed in Japan and South Korea as they did in Western Europe and the US. The 
Marxists knew that in order to deconstruct the patriarchy they had to undermine and de-
legitimise the structure of the nuclear family. To a Marxist, the nuclear family is nothing 
more than a miniature model of an oppressive state. By implementing measures which 
will secure and strengthen the relevancy of the of the nuclear family we will ensure 
considerable and far reaching results and it will be unnecessary to directly ban popular 
feminist doctrines. As soon as women once again will be conditioned through just 
institutions and are raised in a strong and unified nuclear family lead by a confident 
patriarch she will know her place in society and further regulations will be unnecessary. 
Directly banning a multitude of popular feminist laws is not a wise approach as it would 
be labeled as despotic and would undermine us in the long run. Instead, we must change 
A FEW strategic laws which will act as indirect force multipliers. The single most 
important regulation we have to change is the law that guarantees that the father will 
always get the custody of the child. It is the most essential law which will act like a 
positive domino effect. Law number two must be the regulation that criminalises physical 
disciplinarian methods. This will ensure order within the family and within our schools. 
Obviously, physical punishment will not be glorified and must only be used under 
extreme circumstances. However, the essential thing is that it will no longer be 
considered a criminal offence. The third law will be the abolishment of a regulation 
related to marriage. The law which facilitates the so called “no fault marriages”. There 
might be other essential and strategic laws we will have to change but we should limit it 
to a minimum. 
Fathers should be favored (prerogative rights) when child custody cases are 
decided in courts (ROUGH DRAFT) 
The new laws will assume a powerful role in defining status, rights and appropriate 
behaviour. A fundamental revision of the married woman’s place in the legal order lay at 
the center of the laws branches, domestic relations. Post-cultural Marxist (feminist) 
changes in family life which was changed from a patriarchal manner to a matriarchal 
model in the 1970s will be reversed in order to combat an excessive feminisation of 
family structure and males in particular. The goal is to re-introduce the father as the 
authority figure and family head and will therefore strengthen the nuclear family. It is 
estimated that these changes will result in a decline of the divorce rate/broken families 
by approximately 50%. Furthermore, the father can without fear of being punished by 
the law, reassert an authority role in the family. Physical disciplinary methods will once 
again be a factor in the upbringing of children.
Post-cultural Marxist changes in family life, ones which cultural Marxist/feminist 
historians label as “modern” have proven to have a devastating impact on the nuclear 
family. These changes have contributed to the institutionalising of and implementing 
deliberate “broken family policies”. Influenced by the society’s growing glorification of 
single parent upbringing and female domestic supremacy, judges granted women 
supreme legal powers in family affairs. In the 70s bourgeois women mounted a campaign 
to attach superior legal rights to motherhood and thereby exterminated traditional 
domestic governance. 
Changing these laws will reverse the destructive effects due the last four decades of 
feminisation. Divorce rates will be reduced by approximately 50% which will also 
contribute to reverse excessive self-centeredness (and lifestyles related to such 
behaviour). Men’s domestic rights will be considerably strengthened. 
Fathers will regain the domestic courage to teach their children discipline, moral codes 
and traditional codex’s without the fear of persecution or discrimination from the mother 
or the cultural Marxist regime. 
A more moderate suggestion would include giving the fathers equal rights to the children 
relating to custody decisions.
Grandparents should play a central role in their grandchildren’s life (ROUGH 
DRAFT)
Grandparents should have a central part in their grandchildren’s life, and this newly re-
introduces “civilisation change” should be reflected in government policies and how the 
medias glorifies it. 
Lifestyles that propagate that sons and daughters move out and establish an independent 
life completely separated from their parents should no longer be glorified by the media. 
Instead, lifestyles glorifying the nuclear family should be propagated. 
Re-introduction of the generational home, large homes with enough room for the children 
to raise the grandchildren in an environment where the grandparents play an essential 
part. 
This social structure has several benefits:
Many single people live in small flats or in segments of apartments. Many are lonely and 
some commit suicide. Others refrain from establishing a family of their own because they 
know it involves significant burdens. This however, would not be the case if we followed 
the traditional family model (social structure) where generational home and the nuclear 
family are glorified by the media. The grandparents should play an essential part in their 
children’s life. This will have positive social and economical effects for the society (costs 
for kinder garden and nursery homes will be substantially reduced and there will be 
significantly less suicides as a result of loneliness).
Physical disciplinary methods (ROUGH DRAFT)
More discipline at home, and school. This includes allowing physical disciplinary methods 
in extreme cases where this is needed (It is always needed as a last option). Because it 
is essential that children show the proper respect for the adult and know that the adult 
has the required “sanction methods/tools” in their arsenal without the fear of being 
persecuted by the state. A society (school institutions especially) cannot function 
properly without the right to allow physical disciplinary methods in extreme cases. 
Family & Society - The Traditional Family is Disappearing (ROUGH DRAFT)
Area of Study: Social Theory, Social Structure and Change
The traditional British family structure is in decay and is facing extinction.  Liberal 
permissiveness has wrecked havoc with our society and the results are there for all to 
see.
The recently published Social Trends report states that single parent households have 
nearly tripled from 4% in 1971 to 11% in 2008.  The percentage of traditional nuclear 
family households had fallen by 52% to 36% over the same period and women are more 
likely to give birth by the time they are 25 than get married.
Consequences
•
Since the early 1970s there has been a decline in marriage, and a marked rise in the 
numbers of lone parent families.
•
The ongoing rise in family breakdown affecting young children has been driven by the 
dissolution of cohabiting partnerships. The majority of these are less stable than marriage 
(European data shows that by a child’s fifth birthday less than 1 in 12 (8%) married 
parents have split up compared to almost 1 in 2 (43%) cohabiting parents).
•
The intergenerational transmission of family breakdown and its associated disadvantages is 
seen in the way children who have been neglected or un-nurtured are highly likely to go on 
to create dysfunctional families subject to further breakdown. Similarly there is an 
overrepresentation in teen pregnancy statistics of girls from fatherless and broken homes.
•
Crime is strongly correlated with family breakdown - 70% of young offenders are from lone 
parent families and one third of prisoners were in local authority care (yet only 0.6% of the 
nation’s children are in care at any one time). 
•
Costs of family breakdown to the exchequer are estimated to be well over £20bn per 
annum in Britain alone.
By Edna McNicholas (Note: Edna McNicholas wrote this essay using a cultural Marxist/PC 
narrative)
Family forms are shaped by the attitudes toward gender roles in a given society which, in 
turn, are influenced by the demographic, social, economic, and political realities of the 
time. The traditional family, idealised during the Victorian era and reestablished in the 
1950s, is identified as a unit consisting of a married couple with two or more children 
where the breadwinning father goes out to work while the mother stays home to keep 
house and care for the children and her husband. This profile of the family, which 
reflected and was supported by the prevailing attitudes and realities of a particular period 
which no longer exists, continues to be lauded, endorsed, and longed for by right wing 
politicians and religious groups.(1) However, due to the major socio-cultural changes of 
the past three decades, a variety of family forms has emerged and now the traditional 
family accounts for "only 5 percent of American households." 
The Way We Were
After the second world war, government propaganda was combined with effective 
advertising, and supported by Freudian psychology, to restore the traditional family as 
the societal norm where women were assigned the identity of wives and mothers, with 
increased emphasis on gender difference, and men assumed the role of breadwinners 
and strong, male heads of families. In this traditional family, specific male and female 
gender roles are instilled in the children from the outset. Males learn to be assertive, 
aggressive, and dominant while females learn to be docile, gentle, and passive. They 
learn that men are expected to be tough, courageous, and rational while women are 
expected to be tender, timid, and emotional. They learn that men are the power holders 
while women are expected to be submissive, that men make the decisions while women 
are expected to comply. In other words, the traditional game which is called gender-role 
socialisation is really a very clever way of ensuring that women learn that their place in 
the scheme of life is to be dependent on and subservient to men where they are denied 
direct access to economic opportunity and control of their own sexuality. However, such 
gender-role socialisation also takes its toll on men's physical and mental health because 
it necessitates repression of their feelings and denial of their needs. It seems that 
traditional gender-role socialisation "limits the options and opportunities open to males as 
well as females" and can prevent both from achieving their full human potential. 
Black American families were not confined by such gender-role socialisation because the 
segregation laws that operated to keep black men out of the labour force thrust black 
women into the role of breadwinners for their families and thus contributed to more 
equitable gender roles in black households. Black parents instill both instrumental and 
expressive behaviours in their sons and daughters from an early age because they 
learned from their own experience that "black men and black women had to develop 
together strength, perseverance, and resiliency in order to survive." 
Changing Times
In the 1960s, family life began to change when the student movement led the revolt 
against sexual repression, social injustice, the Vietnam war, and racial discrimination. 
This was the decade when the baby-boomers came of age and changed societal norms 
irrevocably. This was the decade when the civil rights movement challenged the 
discriminatory laws and practices of white supremacy, and equality of opportunity 
became the right of black Americans. This was the decade when the second wave of 
feminism emerged and gave birth to the women's movement, a movement that has had 
the most lasting and profound effect on both public and private life in America. In short, 
this was the decade when children, women, and men challenged the patriarchal, 
authoritarian structures of family, society, and government and demanded equal rights 
for all, regardless of gender, colour, or race. In my discussion, I will focus on changes in 
gender roles in relation to economic opportunity and sexuality, and how these changes 
contribute to the autonomy versus intimacy struggles in human relationships. 
Changes in Gender Roles
Economic Opportunity
In the traditional family, men were socialised to develop instrumental behaviours and 
women were socialised to develop expressive behaviours. This insured that, while men 
had direct access to economic opportunity and independence, women were always 
dependent on their husbands for social and economic rewards. As access to economic 
opportunity is a source of power and prestige in all societies, it follows that women 
lacked this power and prestige because of their confinement to the domestic sphere. In 
order for women to achieve equality of status with men, it was imperative that they 
participate in paid employment in the public sphere and that they have some degree of 
economic independence.
With this emphasis on changing their role, unprecedented numbers of women have not 
only joined the labour force since 1960 but have also become highly educated and have 
won the right to compete with men in all areas of professional, business, and public life. 
However, even though women have achieved equality of status through education, 
occupation, and income, a corresponding change in men's roles has been slow to 
develop. While men have supported the changing role of women, at least in areas in 
which it benefits them, many have allowed their wives to continue to take full 
responsibility for the domestic sphere in addition to their sharing in the breadwinning role 
and have failed to see that "to be effective, change must move in two directions: men 
must share in domestic and childrearing tasks even as women share in the world of 
outside work." 
Sexuality
Prior to the 1960s, abstinence from premarital sex was considered the official standard 
for men and women. However, the double standard, which holds that sexual intercourse 
before marriage is permissible for males but not for females, was widely practiced. In the 
1960s, young people rejected the double standard and set more egalitarian standards: 
permissiveness with affection, and permissiveness without affection. Permissiveness with 
affection allows premarital sex between males and females when love is present; 
permissiveness without affection sanctions premarital sex for fun between a man and a 
woman in a casual relationship. As men engaged in such behaviour down through the 
decades, the greatest changes in premarital sexual norms have been changes in female 
behaviours. 
Changes in sexual behaviours are influenced by the social realities of the time and in the 
1960s the United States was not only becoming a postindustrial society but was also 
engaged in a major war with Vietnam. Society was in a state of turmoil and young people 
especially were questioning its values and its morals. The upsurge in premarital sexual 
permissiveness during this period is viewed as the "desire for autonomy, for control over 
one's own sexual destiny." Women wanted the right to control their own lives and what 
better time to stake their claim on their autonomy than at the beginning of a new era. 
While the goal of feminism is the achievement of equality of standards in attitudes and 
behaviours for both men and women, feminists did not necessarily envisage an increase 
in sexual permissiveness. However, the findings from sociological research carried out 
during the 1970s among female and male teenagers indicate that they were much more 
sexually active at the end of the decade than they were at the beginning. Studies 
undertaken among college students point to a similar pattern, especially among women. 
Not only has the sexual behaviours of teenagers and young adults changed during this 
period, their attitudes toward the morality of this behaviour has also changed 
considerably. Between 1969 and 1985, the number of young adults who do not believe 
that premarital sex is wrong increased by almost 35 percent. 
An increase in premarital pregnancies is the most likely outcome of an increase in 
premarital sexual activity, unless couples are using reliable forms of contraception. The 
responsibility for the use of contraception usually falls to the woman because she is the 
one who is most likely to have to deal with the costs and rewards related to both 
contraception and pregnancy. The decision to use contraception is influenced by a 
woman's attitude toward her own sexuality, gender roles, and her sense of autonomy as 
well as her relationship and communication with her partner. Women holding egalitarian 
attitudes toward gender roles who choose to become sexually active with their partners 
for their own pleasure and expressive needs, also choose to protect themselves from 
unwanted pregnancies by using reliable forms of contraception. Young adolescent 
women, molded in the traditional gender-role pattern, may become sexually active at an 
early age in order to boost their self-esteem and are unlikely to take contraceptive 
precautions. 
With increasing emphasis on egalitarian gender-role conditioning, many men are moving 
away from the stereotypical sexual aggressor attitudes of the traditional male when 
women were considered the subordinate, sexual conquests, and are looking for the 
expressive qualities of mutual love and caring in their sexual relationships. Similarly, 
women look for equality in their sexual relationships where they are active participants 
rather than passive objects. "The popularity of the permissiveness-with-affection 
standard may indicate some convergence in the perspectives of considerable numbers of 
women and men who want something more than casual sex." 
Marriage
Traditionally, a man and a woman became involved in a steady dating relationship as a 
preparation for marriage. Men looked for partners whose physical appearance would 
enhance their image, and women looked for partners whose achievements, financially 
and socially, would provide security and social status. These choices reflected the self- 
identity of both parties: women saw themselves in terms of their physical attributes with 
their future role revolving around the needs and desires of their husbands; men saw 
themselves in terms of their accomplishments and career prospects, with an additional 
future role as breadwinner and head of his family. 
In the past three decades, all of this has changed as feminist- minded women emphasise 
their own instrumental as well as expressive qualities, and look for more expressive and 
intellectual qualities in the men they choose for long-term relationships. Men who are 
open to more egalitarian gender roles focus less on physical qualities and more on the 
expressive and intellectual qualities of women. Women's sense of autonomy is also 
evident in their tendency "to initiate dates and to share date expenses." (20) Feminist-
minded women no longer wait to be chosen, they choose for themselves the men they 
want to be with in exclusive relationships. 
Marriage is not necessarily the goal of long-term relationships in today's world. 
"Individuals are expected to be deeply committed to the current serious relationship in 
an exclusive dating partnership, a living-together arrangement, or a socially recognised 
marriage." When couples decide to marry, they do so in the belief that it will provide the 
rewards and satisfactions they seek in terms of both instrumental and expressive 
exchanges. 
Autonomy versus Intimacy
In traditional relationships, men had autonomy and authority while women had neither. 
Women were expected to be submissive and subservient, without the right to their own 
opinions, feelings or needs. In modern relationships based on equality of gender roles, 
female and male autonomy are of equal importance, and intimacy, the mutual sharing of 
the being of each partner, is of vital importance to the continual development and 
deepening of mutual trust and love. According to Scarf, each partner not only brings 
herself or himself to the relationship but also the influences of known and unknown 
family backgrounds which have a profound bearing on the struggle between autonomy 
and intimacy in the relationship. 
Each person in a relationship needs space to be a person in his/her own right, to pursue 
independent goals which meet his/her independent needs. Each one also has intimacy 
needs, the need to set aside time for the sharing of oneself in love and closeness with the 
other. However, despite the modern emphasis on equality of gender roles, both men and 
women are still influenced by the traditional gender-role conditioning which demanded 
that women be the love- and caregivers to their highly-sexed, emotionless husbands and 
that men be the strong, male providers for their fragile, emotional wives. Women feel 
guilty about having autonomous needs and feel they should be always available to 
provide the love and the closeness in the relationship, while men feel they should be 
strong and independent and cannot admit to their need for love and closeness. For both 
men and women, the struggle is also in the questions: how much they can give of each 
other to each other in intimacy without losing their autonomy, without being absorbed 
into the identity of the other; and, how can they "be intimate without exposing yourself 
to the terrible possibility of rejection and abandonment?" 
Today, the struggle between autonomy and intimacy is part and parcel of the deepening 
and development of mature, loving relationships.
Also, see the full report; Breakthrough Britain:
http://www.centreforsocialjustice.org.uk/client/downloads/family%20breakdown.pdf
Solutions: The Japanese model, the South Korean model
3.84 Knights Templar and ethnocentrism
Knights Templar has three primary functions;
1.
To act as a pan-European Crusader Movement for the banishment of Islam from Europe
2.
To act as an Indigenous Rights Movement; to serve the interest of the European ethnic 
groups and to destroy cultural Marxism/multiculturalism
3.
To act as a War Crimes Tribunal
As one of the core doctrines within cultural Marxism/multiculturalism is to systematically 
deconstruct the European majority ethnical groups, it is our task to prevent this from 
happening.
As such, KT can be viewed as a partly ethnocentric organization. However, since the 
doctrines surrounding ethnocentric/indigenous principles is relatively vague and not very 
specific it is up to each and every Justiciar Knight to make his own personal 
interpretation. It is to be expected that individual Justiciar Knights representing the 
various cultural conservative denominations that adhere to KT primary principles will 
have different interpretations of these important issues. The issues we should agree on is 
that any and all definitions must be made for the purpose of protecting indigenous 
peoples of Europe without harming indigenous people in other regions of the world.   
Our aim should be to implement a cultural conservative political model similar to the 
South Korean and Japanese model, which is the same model used in Europe in the 
1950s. 
The following interpretation of these topics is my own:
Topics that are considered political incorrect and difficult to discuss openly even 
among some revolutionary conservatives
What type of rhetorical approach should you use when openly arguing against 
the demographical annihilation of the European tribes?
In order to understand the question, there are certain historical and ideological aspects 
that have to be reviewed;
Introduction to the premises for answering the question
Today’s multiculturalist establishment is a direct result of Soviets WW2 and cold war 
victory. It wasn’t a total victory for the Soviets as capitalism and the free markets 
obviously survived, but culturally, it was a disaster as multiculturalism (internationalist 
Marxism) prevailed and was gradually institutionalised in Western European countries 
spearheaded by the the UK, French and German left wing establishment. According to 
the history books; the West allegedly won the cold war because Soviet collapsed... 
However, the truth of the matter is that the Soviets managed to pass on its cultural 
Marxist legacy to Europe through its 100 000 – 200 000 European Marxist Trojans who 
really should have been executed after WW2 but which instead were allowed to infiltrate 
school/university institutions and cultural arenas. These Marxists managed to indoctrinate 
enough people during the 50s and 60s who combined contributed to the decisive 1968 
Marxist cultural victory in Western Europe and the US. During this time, the 
conservatives of Europe, especially Christians, nationalists, traditionalists but also 
capitalists, failed to defend the cultural conservative world view unlike the cultural 
conservative movements in Japan and later South Korea. The reason for this was 
because of the general institutionalised persecution of nationalist/traditionalist oriented 
individuals after WW2 in Europe due to the defeat of the Nazis. The logic was; since the 
NSDAP were nationalists, among other things, all conservatives, nationalists and 
traditionalists are automatically Nazis and therefore evil. This notion was allowed to be 
developed and was later manifested through the new ideology; multiculturalism/extreme 
egalitarianism, which is an anti-European hate ideology designed to deconstruct our 
European cultures, traditions, identities, Christendom and even our national states. 
Another factor was that an overwhelming majority of the right wing were not, and still 
aren’t today, politically active. The Marxists have always had a talent for infiltration and 
psychological warfare, infiltrating everything from Workers Unions to hippie movements, 
environmentalist movements, universities, news corporations which they used to further 
project and propagate their cultural world views. They have also traditionally been a lot 
more active when it comes to arranging demonstrations (often spearheaded through the 
Workers Unions and other organisations they had already infiltrated), while the right wing 
were, and still are, usually only focused on serving their own needs, feeding their own 
egos, developing their companies and generally minding their own business. 
Ok, back on topic; what on earth are the Nordic/Germanic tribes and why are we 
disallowed to preserve especially the Nordic/Germanic tribes today?
In order to understand the evil and suicidal European Marxism of today you must first 
learn about National Socialism:
Nordicism (also referred to as the"Nordic theory") is the ideology of racial superiority which 
claims that the Nordic race (the Germanic peoples/tribes), would constitute a master race 
because of an innate capacity for initiative, long term planning and leadership. The 
reasoning for this theory is that the Nordic peoples has been forced to, due to the cold 
arctic climate, to logistically plan ahead for up to 6 months per year to be able to survive 
the cold winters. In addition, all the weak elements of the tribe usually perished due to the 
harsh climate leaving only the strong and intelligent left. When this process of elimination 
was the case for specific tribes over a timeline consisting of thousands of years it is claimed 
that the descendants are superior when it comes to initiative, long term planning and 
intelligence compared to people who live in warm climates with easy access to food and 
water. Nordicism was prevalent mainly in the late-19th and early 20th centuries in Western 
Europe and North America and came to be a major influence on Nazism. Multiculturalism is 
a reactionary ideology to Nordicism which in many ways aims to completely wipe out the 
Germanic tribes and other European tribes as Europeans are defined, according to hardcore 
internationalist Marxists, as a cancer to this world as it is claimed that our ancestors where 
evil. As such, the ideology of multiculturalism, which of course only applies to European 
countries (“the white man is the devil, not the yellow man – Japan/South Korea”).
Madison Grant, in his book The Passing of the Great Race:
Madison Grant, in his book The Passing of the Great Race, defined the "Nordic" type as 
"long skulled, very tall, fair skinned, with blond hair and light colored eyes. The Nordics 
inhabit the countries around the North and Baltic Seas, and include not only the great 
Scandinavian and Teutonic groups, but also other early peoples who first appear in 
southern Europe and in Asia as representatives of Aryan language and culture." The 
Germanic tribes is another word for Nordics.
While the concept of Nordic race became intertwined with a northern and northeastern 
European cultural identity, the Alpine race was thought to predominate in central/Eastern 
Europe through to Turkey and the Eurasian steppes of Central Asia and Southern Russia 
and was said to be characterised by short stature, dark hair, dark eyes, narrower shoulders, 
a darker complexion and comparatively round head. The Mediterranean race was thought to 
be prevalent in Southern Europe, the Middle East and North Africa as well as in Wales, and 
was said to be characterised by dark hair, dark eyes, aquiline nose, swarthy complexion, 
moderate-to-short stature, and moderate or long skull.
Present and current distribution of Nordics, Alpines and Mediterranean’s in Europe:
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/Passing_of_the_Great_Race_-_Map_4.jpg
According to Madison Grant and several other authors; there are three European races. 
These are; Nordics/Germanics (Iceland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Finland 
and to a high degree the UK, Ireland, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Benelux, Baltic’s, 
Switzerland but also to a large degree Russia, Ukraine and Belarus (the Nordic parts). 
There are also 40-80 million Nordics in the US and a few million in Canada and Australia.
As covered in another chapter; within approximately 100-150 years or within 4-5 
generations (if the current development is allowed to continue) the Germanic/Nordic race 
in several countries will be diluted or annihilated to such a degree that there will be no 
one left with Nordic physical characteristics; blond hair, blue eyes, high forehead, sturdy 
cheekbones. As such, the Nordic tribes will become extinct if we do not resist and seize 
political and military control of our countries. To illustrate the ongoing demographic 
annihilation of the Nordic peoples; in 1900 there were 50% Nordics in the US (blonde 
hair, blue eyes). But now, as a result of primarily non-European immigration, there was 
in 2008 ONLY 16%. 
Solutions
The only way to prevent the ongoing genocide of the Nordic tribes is if either;
The Marxist regimes in Europe grant us privileges by either completely liberalising the 
biotechnology-laws. They must encourage and even directly sponsor repro-genetics 
programs on a private and/or state level, which facilitates reproduction clinics who focus 
strictly on indigenous genotypes from pure sources (non-diluted (95-99% pure) Nordic 
genotypes) found in Northern Sweden and other areas where this is available. The 
European Marxist regimes will never allow or contribute to this which only leaves two 
options;
Conservatives/nationalists/traditionalists in each European country are given reservations 
where we can exercise autonomy (political control) just like the Native Americans after 
their defeat against the US Army. This is not acceptable yet to a large majority of 
conservatives as we expect to defeat the cultural Marxist regimes of Europe within 70 
years. The third option should be outlined as follows;
Conservatives must seize political and military power through a combination of armed and 
democratic struggle within 70 years and implement the above policies. The alternative is 
the continued bastardisation model, very similar to the Brazilian model; where it has been 
(due to the Brazilian Marxist revolution) established a melting pot of 
European/Asian/African mix. These policies have proven to be a catastrophe for Brazil and 
other countries that have institutionalised and facilitated widespread race-mixing of 
Asians/Europeans/Africans. Brazil has firmly established itself as a second world country 
with an extremely poor degree of social cohesion. The results are evident and are 
manifested through a large degree of corruption, lacking productivity and eternal conflict 
between the various competing “cultures” as the myriad of newly established “sub-tribes” 
(black, mulatto, mestizo, white) paralyzes any hope of ever reaching the same level of 
productivity and harmony as f example Scandinavia, Germany, South Korea or Japan. 
Seeing the lack of social cohesion in Brazil, and the average productivity of the average 
Brazilian, it is evident that a similar approach in Europe would be devastating and 
nationally retarding, not to mention that it would be a grave crime (genocide) to contribute 
in any way to the annihilation, deconstruction and genocide of the indigenous peoples 
which are Nordic by definition. 
Argumentation techniques - Victor vs. victim?
Instead of overly focusing on formulating arguments based on the superiority and 
intelligence of Europeans you should primarily focus on indigenous European rights; that 
the Nordic tribes and the rest of the European tribes are on its stabile course towards 
extinction because of multiculturalisms facilitation of Islamic demographic warfare. 
Instead of just presenting arguments, convert arguments into questions. The best 
arguments ARE often questions. 
What will the government do to prevent the ongoing Islamic demographical warfare against 
European? 
What will they do to prevent the Nordic ethnic group in given country from going extinct? 
How do they justify the ongoing demographical annihilation of the Europeans? 
Why do they continue to allow mass-Muslim immigration in combination with Marxist 
procreation policies (feminism resulting in a low birth rate) when they know that these 
policies will result in our extinction? 
Why are they so arrogant that they claim that the only solution to our problems, the 
cultural conservative world view, is an evil Nazi ideology while the cause of all our 
problems, their cultural Marxist world view, is the only truth? 
Why are the Native Americans granted reservations (completely reserved for their ethnic 
group) while indigenous Europeans aren’t awarded the same basic human rights?  
Why are the indigenous Native American tribes treated with more dignity and respect than 
indigenous European tribes? 
These are all good questions we should focus on in the decades to come. A good strategy 
in Europe is therefore to focus on indigenous rights. Preserving our “tribe”, our culture, 
traditions, Christendom etc. is in fact the most basic of all human rights that takes 
absolute precedent before ridiculous Marxist-humanist demands for allowing another 10 
million Islamic asylum seekers residence. 
Be on the offensive; never argue in a defensive manner. No matter what approach you 
choose, when f example defending the fallen martyrs of our movements, be smart. Don’t 
go into specific topics in situations where it isn’t relevant. You will easily lose the 
discussion if you talk about Islamisation and you suddenly start to discuss the Nordic 
genotypes. Islam is not a race after all but an ideology. Separate the discussions and 
stick to each topic instead of cross shifting. These argumentation techniques are all 
reverse-engineered Marxist arguments and are all very effective. The Marxists have 
traditionally been the best propagandists and we have a lot to learn from them. NEVER 
underestimate our enemy!
The true definition of racism vs. the Marxist definition
Don’t let the multiculturalists define what racism is or isn’t. Keeping an African against 
his will in your basement as a slave is racism. Loving your extended family/your ethnic 
group and fighting for ethnic and/or indigenous rights does not make you a racist, quite 
the opposite in fact. It makes you a civil rights activist. Creating a pro-indigenous and/or 
pro-ethnic movement does not make it a “white supremacy” movement but rather an 
Indigenous rights movement or even a civil rights movement. Anyone who calls you a 
racist due to these reasons proves very clearly that HE is the real racist, as he obviously 
ONLY attacks European rights movements. He is therefore an anti-European racist 
supporting the anti-European hate ideology known as multiculturalism.
The cultural Marxists/multiculturalists have gone to great lengths to change the very 
definition of the word; racist. Europeans having African slaves on a plantation WAS racist, 
the apartheid system WAS racist (deportation and a two state solution would have been 
the right way to go). However, loving your ethnic group and fighting for the interests of 
your tribe is NOT and will never be racist. Nevertheless, the cultural Marxist systems 
would have everyone think otherwise.
Creating a pan-Nordic union?
I don’t see why we shouldn’t actively strive for the establishment of a Nordic League 
propagating Nordic interests, following the design of the Arab League. After all, why 
shouldn’t we, Scandinavians, Nordics, Germans and to a large degree Brits, Americans, 
Polish, Czechs, Swiss, people from Benelux and Balticum be allowed to feel pride in our 
ethnic heritage and fight for our ethnic interests? Shouldn’t WE have the EQUAL right to 
actively pursue and protect our interest based on ethnic origin when Arabs, Pashtuns, 
Africans, Kurds, Tibetans, Aboriginals, Native Americans, Rom/Gypsies are allowed to?
Why are we labeled as Nazi monsters when we do and they are tolerated, encouraged 
and even supported financially? The answer has been explained in this compendium on 
multiple occasions. It is because the current US/EU cultural Marxist hegemony is a racist 
and evil empire which has embraced a hate ideology equal to Stalinist Communism and 
Nazism. Multiculturalism IS as evil and racist as Nazism and as brutal as Stalinism. They 
don’t use the same persecution methods, instead they ratify hate laws and get their 
propaganda machine (MSM) to character assassinate people, ridicule them resulting in 
conservatives losing their jobs, family and committing suicide. Multiculturalism must be 
destroyed as soon as possible, or we, all European tribes, will seize to exist within 100 
years! 
You are not alone - 14 David’s against one Goliath
I am extremely proud of my ethnic group, Norwegians which is a Northern-Germanic 
tribe. Furthermore, I seek to serve Norwegian AND European interests in everything I do. 
I would not hesitate to sacrifice my own life for the English, Slavic, Jewish, Indian, Latin 
or French tribes in their fight against the EUSSR/US multiculturalist hegemony. All 
European and non-European conservatives, nationalists and traditionalists must support 
each other as this cultural Marxist/multiculturalist global hegemony is our common 
enemy. I would never betray a brother tribe whether it be a Scandinavian, Frankish, 
English, Latin, Slavic or other European tribe. It is essential that we fight for Europe, 
consolidate cross borders, and do our best to acknowledge that this is a European 
struggle. Because after all; the destruction of the US/EU cultural Marxist tyranny cannot, 
obviously, be defeated by Norwegians alone, nor Brits, nor European Americans. ANY 
Christian European, anywhere in the world, can become a Justiciar Knight for the Knights 
Templar. As a Justiciar Knight you have been given the mandate to execute category A 
and B traitors by the war crimes tribunal known as PCCTS, Knights Templar. This is a 
Pan-European civil war and its outcome will decide the very survival of our peoples 
whether you are a French, Greek, European American, European Canadian, European 
Australian, Afrikaner/Boer etc. We will not win this war unless we work together as 
European conservatives. 
So, back to the initial question; what type of rhetorical approach should you use when 
openly arguing against the demographical annihilation of the Nordic ethnic groups or any 
other European ethnic groups?
Marxist demonisation techniques and psychological warfare
Sadly, you will be indirectly or directly labeled as a racist or even as a Nazi monster by 
the Marxist establishment (government institutions and the MSM - multiculturalist media) 
if you attempt to openly argue for the immediate halt to the ongoing demographical 
genocide of the Nordic peoples. However, you can use other words than “race” to more 
effectively dodge such characteristics. By using words as tribe or ethnic group you may 
be able to more effectively communicate your message.
It should be noted that NSDAP did not win the initial election by propagating their true 
agenda. The “political game” is not any different today. You can never win an election by 
being honest. The Internationalist Marxist aren’t honest and never have been (they want 
to destroy/deconstruct everything European) and, unfortunately, neither can we (we 
want to save/preserve everything European). The appropriate way is therefore to be 
careful when arguing and at least keep the ideals alive within ourselves and in an un-
official ideological environment until the day it is possible to implement ALL of our 
policies. Sticking to anti-Islamisation rhetorical strategies is one convenient way of doing 
this. We don’t have a lot of time, only 70 years max until the Muslims reach 60%, so we 
must act as soon as possible and continue the ongoing European conservative 
consolidation process until the time we, collectively as European revolutionary 
movements, are strong enough to successfully effectuate the first European coup d’état 
with enough backing from our own police/military forces and a nuclear power (from 
Russia f example) to prevent a subsequent US/NATO intervention.
End note: the PCCTS, Knights Templar are not in any way Nazi sympathizers. Preserving 
your tribe, cultural and demographical, is a basic human right and has nothing to do with 
“white supremacy”. After all, we do not seek to enslave or in any way harm or exploit 
Africans, Asians or their respective countries. We are a conservative organisation 
propagating cultural isolationism, similar to South Korea and Japan unlike the NSDAP 
which was a left wing organisation, they hated Christendom, capitalism and propagated a 
strict definition of socialism.  So do not make the mistake of allowing the 
Marxists/multiculturalists to label you as a Nazi. As a Justiciar Knight of Knights Templar 
Europe, we are anti-Nazi and approximately 40% of our policies do not coincide with 
NSDAPs policies. 
Race-mixing and interracial relations; necessary to create the global utopia lead 
by the Marxist-Islamic UN or the ultimate crime? 
The PCCTS, Knights Templar, obviously, does not have any pre-defined specific policies or 
principles concerning race-mixing. The following are my own views concerning the 
theme.
I have for a long time dreaded the thought of writing an essay about this subject. 
Primarily because it is considered politically incorrect by even many of the most 
dedicated conservatives and it is considered an efficient way to commit character suicide 
for individuals who have ambitions to appeal to the bulk of the masses in this early stage 
of the European civil war. On the other hand, if you’re Arab, Pashtun, Kurd, Pakistani, 
Japanese, South Korean or belong to any other non-European tribe then it’s a completely 
different matter. Then it’s all about showing cultural tolerance and respecting their 
customs. But if you’re a European and say the same thing, God forbid, then you’re a 
monster. This double standard effectively shows us the anti-European nature of 
multiculturalism. A large amount of the current multiculturalist elites in the EU/US, the 
category A and B traitors specifically, are focused on the destruction of European culture, 
Christendom, European identity and there is not a more efficient way of destroying the 
core of everything European than facilitating the gradual deconstruction of the European 
ethnic groups. The norm and practice for adopting non-European babies has more or less 
been institutionalised, bio-laws have been restricted, mass non-European immigration 
has been encouraged along with allowing and even subsidising the non-European 
explosive birth rates. 
The sum of these deliberate genocidal practices when mixed with Marxist procreation 
policies (feminism) is equal to the demographical annihilation of European ethnic groups 
if they are allowed to continue.  
A majority of conservative revolutionaries have been familiar with these methods of 
deliberate cultural annihilation for decades now. I know for a fact that it can be very 
frustrating to fight for reversal of the above doctrines because you feel like an ant trying 
to defeat a 7-headed monster. 
Any public figure that openly opposes race-mixing or interracial relations and instead 
propagate the preservation of his tribe is aggressively persecuted, ridiculed and/or 
ignored by the European multiculturalist regimes, manifested by NGOs and the cultural 
Marxist mainstream media. So basically; if you as a public figure, utter any opposition or 
reservation to race-mixing, your career will likely be instantly destroyed. The 
multiculturalist glorification of race-mixing and interracial relations does, however, not 
correspond to or reflect reality, the wishes and the views of the large majority of 
Europeans.
I would claim that approximately 80-90% of Europeans (95% of men and 65% of 
women) have chosen or will choose to find a partner within their ethnic group while more 
than 95% of Asians and 95% of Africans will chose the same path. These people reject 
the notion of finding a partner (with the intention to procreate) outside their own tribe. 
These are facts that obviously do not correspond to the cultural Marxist desire to create a 
“one-world, one people”, united under the Marxist-Islamic UN.
The cultural establishment, spear-headed by the entertainment industry and the MSM are 
doing everything they can to glorify and propagate race-mixing by creating movies, 
series and other coverage which illustrate “happy interracial couples” in the hopes that 
they will succeed to indoctrinate as many as possible. Very few people are buying into 
this though as they see the dire consequences of this irreversible action. 
Would you actively contribute to further the demographical annihilation of your 
ethnic group?
80-90% of all Europeans would oppose (or at least be disappointed) if their sons and 
daughters married and/or procreated with a non-European. This principle and tradition of 
procreating within the tribe is universal and applies to the great majority of the world’s 
races and ethnic groups whether they are Japanese, Pashtun, Arab, South Korean, 
European American, Russian, French, and Swedish etc. 
It is a well known fact that an overwhelming number of ethnic groups consider 
racial/ethnic purity to be the very center of their cultural identity. Those familiar with 
Taiwanese, South Korean and Japanese culture can attest to that. Racial/ethnic purity IS 
and always has been extremely important to the Japanese and South Koreans (in 
addition to Europeans and Arabs), in fact so much that attitudes concerning these 
matters are completely dominating without these principles being actually written down. 
This is also the case in more or less every single non-cultural Marxist country. Non-
cultural Marxist countries are commonly known for their societal patriarchal structures 
compared to cultural Marxist countries where the matriarchal structures are dominating 
(Europe, ex-USSR, US and to a certain degree Latin America). 
Arab countries are very concerned with racial/ethnic purity as their Arab origin is directly 
connected to their blood-relation to Muhammad. It is considered the greatest of all 
honours to have a genetical relation to their prophet. This is so evident that non-Arab 
Muslims are considered second class Muslims. Pakistanis, Indonesians, Kurds, Berbers, 
Persians and Africans have been severely discriminated for centuries in the Islamic world 
as a result of them not being Arab. The Arab League, an important political force in the 
greater Middle East works more or less exclusively for ethnic Arab interests. They may 
help non-Arabs but will always support Arab interests before other ethnic groups. These 
policies of Arabisation are very similar to the Nazi policies before and during WW2 and 
involve more than 30 countries in the Middle East and Africa.
Race-mixing propagandists: Heidi Klum, Elin Nordgren, Madonna, Brangelina, 
Lady Gaga etc - An irreversible action, the eternal loss of your extended ethnic 
family
The witty comment stating; “if you go black, there is no turning back” actually underlines 
the severity of the decision involved in race-mixing. It is quite a paradox as specific 
European entertainment stars (including but not limited to Heidi Klum, Elin Nordgren, 
Madonna, Brad Pit & Angelina Jolie, Lady Gaga chooses to propagate and glorify race-
mixing either through direct or indirect (adoption) choices. The only reason that many of 
these individuals became famous in the first place was specifically due to their 
Nordic/European physical characteristics, rare characteristics that have been acquired 
through an evolutionary process which has taken more than 1 million years. These 
characteristics, both physical and psychological are then wiped out forever, due to their 
miscalculated decision. Obviously, the offspring of these entertainment stars will never 
receive the same opportunities as they, themselves, once did. It is obvious that Nordic 
entertainment super-stars like Scarlett Johansson (60-70% Nordic purity), Gwyneth 
Paltrow (70-80%)Pamela Anderson (90-95%), Paris Hilton (70-80%), Taylor Swift (80-
90%) would have never been where they are today hadn’t it been for their distinct Nordic 
physical characteristics. They would have never, in a million years, managed to reach 
their current status of fame had they belonged to another ethnic group. Same can be 
said about several other superstars with Nordic physical features such as individuals from 
Marilyn Monroe to Megan Fox. So why not embrace their Nordic gift by contributing to 
preserve Nordic culture instead of throwing it away and robbing their children of the 
same opportunities they once received? It should be noted that the US was composed of 
50% with blue eyes in 1950 but this number has been reduced significantly and was in 
2008 only 16%. By 2020 it is estimated to be less than 8%.
Recessive vs. dominant genes
Blue eyes and blond hair (and possibly many psychological traits) almost never survives 
a race-mixing process due to the fact that Nordic genotypes are recessive unlike f 
example African, Arab or Oriental genotypes which are considerably more genetically 
dominant. In order to dominantly dilute an African individual it would require 5 
individuals of Nordic descent. Thanks to their parent’s carelessness, their offspring will be 
cut off forever from their “extended ethnic family”. They will become, tribe-less 
individuals and many are likely to either swear allegiance to extreme cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalist ideological views (90%) or choose the extreme right (>10%). 
They often hate their parents for what has been done to them, as they are neither 
European, African nor Asian.
The Nordic ideal – our tribe counts 200 million individuals as of 2010
There are many non-Nordic that try to mimic Nordic beauty by dying their hair blond and 
wearing contacts. So why not offer our children the actual genetical gift instead, through 
repro-genetics, rather than spending thousands of Euro and thousands of hours on 
make-up trying to mimic the Nordic ideal?
As the Nordic ideal obviously is still prevalent in this multiculturalist world it may not be 
too late to prevent the extinction of the Nordic tribes. We are still a strong tribe, 
representing the most numerous in Europe, counting more than 200 million individuals 
worldwide. 
Solutions to prevent the extinction of the Nordic tribes and for implementation 
of conservative principles 
The key to our survival is to liberalise the strict bio-technology laws and to commercialise 
and glorify repro-genetics while there is still a sustainable selection of Nordics of 99% 
purity left (this window of opportunity will be forever lost within 150 years). Not only will 
we have the option to secure our survival but we will be able to purify our tribe and add 
several IQ points to our off-spring in the same process. This solution is non-violent and is 
likely to prevent future war as all ethnic groups would have the possibility to secure their 
own genetical survival. Repro-genetics offer everything Europe could ever dream of with 
very few drawbacks. Loyal and productive non-Europeans would be able to stay as we 
wouldn’t live in fear of being demographically conquered or being exploited financially.  
In order for this to be a reality, it is only required that ONE single conservative/nationalist 
nation leader embrace the idea in the future, as soon as we have managed to seize 
political and military control of the specific country. Because as soon as the fruits from 
that specific country is revealed to the world, other conservative leaders will have no 
choice but to copy the concept. The alternative is that they would significantly fall behind 
economically/technologically due to the fact that their average IQ/social cohesion would 
be too low in comparison. In addition, they would continue to suffer under the current 
myriad of inheritable diseases and conditions which would continue to take a significant 
financial toll on the respective regimes. The first anti-Marxist country in Europe to fully 
embrace repro-genetics will become the new economical and technological global super 
power! And as the European alpha-males instinctual drive to preserve their genes would 
be rendered an obsolete concept, it would contribute to a potentially eternal peaceful 
Europe providing that other conservative principles (including the policies to prevent 
over-population in the world) would be implemented as well. 
Obviously, these policies of “civilizational-shaping” nature cannot be implemented by a 
mass-democracy of the current European caliber as the current political model lacks 
consensus and thus authority and implementation force and efficiency. A future model, 
however, similar to the fascio-democratic model of Russia and China has the potency to 
implement the required cultural and security reforms. An alternative model where 
females have reduced influence on security and cultural issues through a guardian council 
has been presented in another chapter.
Race-mixing leads to suicidal children with severe mental problems 
The offspring of race-mixers will feel like outcasts and it is very common that these 
individuals suffer from severe psychological problems throughout their life. Their parents 
obviously do not care as it would appear that their children’s psychological health and 
general well being is irrelevant to them. The suicide rate among these individuals is 
extremely high, which reflects the suffering they are put through by not having an 
extended ethnic family. A majority of Europeans sees ethnic, blood-bonds as the most 
essential cultural factor and considers their ethnic tribe to be their extended family.  This 
issue is extremely politically incorrect to discuss, due to the current cultural Marxist 
regimes but it is not a secret that ethnicity remains and will remain as the most 
important uniting cultural factor, more so than socio-economic factors, to a majority of 
Europeans. 
Race-mixed families risk catastrophic consequences as the European civil war 
progresses towards phase 2 and 3 
After WW2, women who had previously had a relationship and/or children with the 
German occupiers would often suffer from severe punishment. The resistance 
movements shaved the head of these women and the communities terrorised them for 
10 to 20 years after the war. These women and their offspring suffered horribly for a long 
time as a result of their decision to mix with individuals from the occupying force. They 
were called traitor whores and treated with utter contempt. Many starved to death at the 
end of the war while others were even raped and lynched during and after the war. 
What will happen to the “traitor whores” after the great European civil war?
The current status of Europe is quite similar to that of WW2. Instead of having to face an 
external enemy, the enemies are the Marxists, suicidal humanists and capitalist globalists 
of our societies. We are being colonized by Asia and Africa facilitated by the 
multiculturalist elites. In Europe, 85%+ of the colonizers are Muslims from various parts 
of the world. So who exactly are the “traitor whores” of this war, and what will happen to 
them after we seize political and military power within the next 20-70 years?
There are two answers to this question; what we would prefer under current moral 
conditions and what actually will happen. It is hard for conservative intellectuals to 
predict the brutality of the future as we currently live in seemingly peaceful nations with 
seemingly few plagues and horrors. However, when the true agenda of the 
multiculturalists is revealed to a greater number than the current 10-15% of people, 
many will be furious and demand vengeance. If the current cultural Marxist regimes 
refuse to capitulate and continue their atrocities the demand for blood vengeance will 
grow. 
The manifestation of the reckoning will depend on many factors;
1. Will the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists capitulate in time?
2. How many more conservatives will be persecuted, ridiculed and pushed towards suicide 
before they capitulate?
3. How many more revolutionary conservatives will have to martyr themselves before they 
capitulate?
4. How will they treat us in prison, if we survive our operations, as prisoners of war?
5. What types of methods will they employ in order to persecute and destroy our cells, 
networks and militias?
6. How many million more Muslims and other non-European immigrants will they allow to 
enter our gates before they capitulate?
7. Which of the minority groups (and/or how many percent of the given group) will be 
considered loyal enough to be allowed to stay in Europe after the civil war?
8. The principles and strictness of the specific conservative group that seizes political and 
military control in the various Western European countries will depend on how early the 
cultural Marxists/multiculturalists capitulate and whether they give up before they inflict 
heavy military casualties on us.
9. It is likely that in countries where the democratic conservative parties have been allowed 
to take power peacefully, the reaction towards cultural Marxists/multiculturalists and 
minority groups considered to be disloyal will be mild, while in other European countries, 
where conservatives have been harshly persecuted like in f example Germany, Sweden, 
Norway, France and the UK it will result in a bloodbath, where hundreds of thousands of 
cultural Marxists/multiculturalists and disloyal minority groups will be massacred. Muslims 
that haven’t converted to Christendom will automatically be labeled disloyal and deported. 
The fate of other minorities such as Buddhists, Hindus, Christian non-Europeans and half 
casts and also females/males that have procreated with the “disloyal” is harder to predict 
but will be directly related to the above factors. It is really hard at this point to present a 
more accurate prediction than this. After all, there are so many different conservative 
denominations, some which are more ethnocentric and/or anti-Marxist than others.
The reasoning behind conservative’s opposition to race-mixing and adoption of 
non-Europeans
The cultural Marxists/multiculturalist alliance will have you believe that all conservatives 
are ignorant, inbred bigots who are driven by hate towards any and all minorities. 
However, this propaganda is as far from the truth as possible.
The reasoning behind our concern and opposition is the fact that mass immigration, race-
mixing and adoption of non-Europeans harm the unity of our tribe – it harms the degree 
of social cohesion any given country has. Firstly, a country that has competing cultures 
will shred itself to pieces from the inside over the long term or it will end up as a 
permanently dysfunctional country like Brazil and similar countries. Corruption and a high 
degree of crime is a natural result of lacking social cohesion. In countries where social 
cohesion is high, the opposite symptoms occurs. When you add Islam to the mix the 
worst case scenario is changed from a dysfunctional country to total defeat; sharia law 
and demographical conquest.
A stable and prosperous country that can offer its citizens solid welfare is dependent on 
five primary factors
1.
Islam cannot be present
2.
An ethnic homogenous people
3.
An educated people with a high average IQ (reprogenetics will increase the average IQ 
further)
4.
Cultural conservative policies/nationalistic policies/at least partially financial protectionist
5.
Free market (+ free market towards other cultural conservative countries)
With the current development, we see a systematical breakdown of each point which will 
over time result in the transformation of a dysfunctional, failed state. That is, unless we 
can prevent it in time.
As such; conservatives’ reservations and opposition against mass immigration, race-
mixing and adoption of non-Europeans is purely pragmatical and not hateful in any way 
or form.
When we decide to deport a proportion of a disloyal minority group, it is not because we 
hate them, but because not doing so would have catastrophic consequences for the 
degree of social cohesion in our country. Allowing your tribe to demographically sink 
down towards extinction and allowing your country to become a failed state is a thousand 
times a graver crime than offending the feelings of the people you deport. 
How many non-Europeans can a European country absorb per generation 
without it considerably affecting social cohesion and the overall well being of 
the tribe?
That depends which European tribe you are referring to. F example; not all Alpine or 
Mediterranean  tribes care that much about their ethnic purity (against Alpine or Nordic 
genetical dilution) as they feel they don’t have physical or mental characteristics worth 
protecting or that they look favourably on Nordic and Alpine genetical dilution. So 
naturally, a Nordic tribe would be much more motivated to protect its uniqueness 
because Nordic genetical characteristics are manifested physically in a much greater 
degree. No Nordic country should ever try to absorb more than 2% of non-European 
immigrants per generation providing that they can mend the non-Nordic dilution by 
compensating with reprogenetics clinics which can reverse national/tribal dilution. That 
way the Nordic genotype is preserved and we won’t have to worry about the 
consequences or invest that many resources on reprogenetics. The wishes of any and all 
European tribes should be respected in this regard. F example Norway (4 million in 1950, 
4,9 million in 2010) has accepted 900 000 immigrants since 1950, 90% which are non-
Nordic. In 1950, we were more or less a pure Nordic country but we now have an 
additional 850 000 non-Nordics present with 30 000- 50 000 non-Nordics pouring in 
annually. 300 000-400 000 of the newly arrived are Muslims. At the same time, the bio-
technology laws are strict, and we currently suffer under a genocidal cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regime under the NATO umbrella. It will take from 20-70 years 
for Norwegian cultural conservatives to seize political and military power and I doubt it 
will happen until after one of the large European countries are liberated; the UK, France 
and Germany. This is essentially why I’m writing this compendium in English and the 
reason why I have dedicated most of my time to assist my English brothers in their 
patriotic struggle. The key to Western Europe’s survival lies in the hands of German but 
especially French or UK conservatives. After all, the smaller Western European countries 
are just mimicking these countries every move.  My own country is thus now, nothing 
more than a banana republic, a satellite state lead by London, Paris and Berlin – which in 
turn is culturally dictated by Washington.
The great Satan, his cult and the Jews
Whenever someone asks if I am a national socialist I am deeply offended. If there is one 
historical figure and past Germanic leader I hate it is Adolf Hitler. If I could travel in a 
time-machine to Berlin in 1933, I would be the first person to go – with the purpose of 
killing him. Why? No person has ever committed a more horrible crime against his tribe 
than Hitler. Because of him, the Germanic tribes are dying and MAY be completely wiped 
out unless we manage to win within 20-70 years. Thanks to his insane campaign and the 
subsequent genocide of the 6 million Jews, multiculturalism, the anti-European hate 
ideology was created. Multiculturalism would have never been implemented in Europe if it 
hadn’t been for NSDAPs reckless and unforgivable actions. Eastern Europe would have 
remained free, the US and Russia would never have risen up as super-powers. The 
balance of power would have remained in Europe. And it would be a beautiful Europe 
with beautiful cultural conservative policies – very similar to the ones you now find in 
Japan and South Korea. Hitler almost destroyed everything with his reckless and 
unforgivable actions and he will forever be known as a traitor to the Nordic-Germanic 
tribes. 
So, I am really speechless when I see the cult calling themselves national socialists 
today. If you truly love our tribe, the Nordic tribes or any other European tribe, you must 
learn and acknowledge that Hitler is a traitor to the Germanic and all European tribes, 
NOT a hero. Hitler had the military capabilities necessary to liberate Jerusalem and the 
nearby provinces from Islamic occupation. He could have easily worked out an 
agreement with the UK and France to liberate the ancient Jewish Christian lands with the 
purpose of giving the Jews back their ancestral lands. The UK and France would perhaps 
even contribute to such a campaign in an effort to support European reconciliation. The 
deportation of the Jews from Germany wouldn’t be popular but eventually, the Jewish 
people would regard Hitler as a hero because he returned the Holy land to them.
But what did the great Satan do? He invaded Poland, France Russia and several other 
countries in his crazed effort for world domination. It was completely reckless and 
unforgivable as the consequences of such acts aren’t very hard to predict. And when the 
tides turned for the Nazis and the Russian campaign failed, they decided to massacre the 
Jews and thus further condemning the Germanic tribes and the conservative/nationalist 
ideology to hell... They knew perfectly well what the consequences would be for their 
tribes if they lost, yet they went ahead and completed the job. After WW2, the greatest 
anti-nationalist and anti-European propaganda campaign the world has ever seen was 
launched. And people like myself, and other cultural conservative leaders of today, are 
still suffering under this propaganda campaign because of that one man.
Were the majority of the German and European Jews disloyal? Yes, at least the so called 
liberal Jews, similar to the liberal Jews today that opposes nationalism/Zionism and 
supports multiculturalism. Jews that support multiculturalism today are as much of a 
threat to Israel and Zionism (Israeli nationalism) as they are to us. So let us fight 
together with Israel, with our Zionist brothers against all anti-Zionists, against all cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists. Conservative Jews were loyal to Europe and should have been 
rewarded. Instead, he just targeted them all… So, are the current Jews in Europe and US 
disloyal? The multiculturalist (nation-wrecking) Jews ARE while the conservative Jews 
ARE NOT. Aprox. 75% of European/US Jews support multiculturalism while aprox. 50% of 
Israeli Jews does the same. This shows very clearly that we must embrace the remaining 
loyal Jews as brothers rather than repeating the mistake of the NSDAP. Whenever I 
discuss the Middle East issue with a national socialist he presents the anti-Israeli and 
pro-Palestine argument. He always seem unaware of the fact that his propaganda is 
hurting Israeli nationalists (who want to deport the Muslims from Israel) and that he is in 
fact helping the Israeli cultural Marxists/multiculturalists with his argumentation. In all 
five discussions they have moderated or fully changed their views after the discussion as 
they realize what they have done. But I was unable to discuss this issue further after I 
was banned and kicked out by Stormfront and another national socialist forum. 
In any case; educate yourself and learn the difference. Today’s conservatives and want-
to-be Nazis are ignorant when they obsess so much over the Jews. There is no Jewish 
problem in Western Europe (with the exception of the UK and France) as we only have 1 
million in Western Europe, whereas 800 000 out of these 1 million live in France and the 
UK. The US on the other hand, with more than 6 million Jews (600% more than Europe) 
actually has a considerable Jewish problem. But please learn the difference between a 
nation-wrecking multiculturalist Jew and a conservative Jew. Don’t make the same 
mistake that NSDAP did. Never target a Jew because he is a Jew, but rather because he 
is a category A or B traitor. And don’t forget that the bulk of the category A and B traitors 
are Christian Europeans. 90% of the category A and B traitors in my own country, 
Norway, are Nordic, Christian category A and B traitors.
Unification of all European cultural conservatives under the KT banner
We will defeat the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists because they seek to wipe out 
everything European. We will not forgive them and we will show them no mercy 
whatsoever unless they fully capitulate to our forces within 2020. But we must fight them 
for the RIGHT reasons, and NOT because we want to pick up what Hitler tried to do. So 
for God’s sake; please join the PCCTS, Knights Templar as a Justiciar Knight in our pre-
emptive war against the EUSSR/US cultural tyranny under OUR banner, or any other, but 
NOT under the swastika. 60% of NSDAPs policies were great classical conservative 
policies and the PCCTS, Knights Templar share these conservative policies even today. 
But the remaining 40% of the policies are not worth fighting for. 
Have no doubt, every single political contribution counts whether it is through the barrel 
of a Ruger Mini-14 or through an essay! The former will amplify the latter and vice versa. 
Considering the fact that the multiculturalist press is boycotting all true conservatives; 
conservative intellectuals really have no other choice than to amplify their messages 
through violent means. The other point is that when a conservative revolutionary 
contributes to the field of “revolutionary science” he will have little credibility and will be 
viewed as nothing more than an “arm chair general” unless he leads and illustrates 
through practical implementation. 
Know that our phase 1 “physical” conservative revolutionary contributions are not to 
defeat this monster but to create awareness with the intention of creating sympathizers 
and direct contributors. Our military contributions, in phase 1, will only make out a 
fraction of the combined “cuts”required to kill the 7-headed monster. The bulk of the cuts 
will be inflicted by the monster itself out of ignorance and its unwillingness to embrace 
logical and pragmatic principles and policies (primarily by its inability to prevent and 
reverse Islamisation). The current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes will fall and 
collapse under their own and Islam’s weight. Our primary objective is to consolidate and 
be ready to seize this opportunity, through violent means, when this window of 
opportunity opens up within 20-70 years. Remember, the success of our revolution will 
never seem further away than the day before we actually succeed!
   
To quote the Marxist terrorist and mass-murderer Fidel Castro;
“I began the revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I would do it with 10 or 15 
individuals with absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and a 
plan of action.”
“New” emerging tribes, future political and cultural threat?
There is a Hispanic, criminal supremacist group in the US called; La Raza (the race). 
They oppose European (European American), African and Asian interests based on 
ethnicity. The name La Raza is used to describe the race formed by the fusion of 
Europeans, Native American and African peoples in Latin America. This illustrates that 
mixed people of set sources will eventually become ethnic aware and start to work 
against the minorities in that nation, which are those of pure European or Native 
American heritage. The point to this illustration is that there will always be minorities in a 
country, there will always be discrimination and minorities will more or less always be 
discriminated against. The ultimate goal of any tribe must therefore be to never come in 
a position where it is reduced to a minority. The large majority of ethnical groups of the 
world, except the Rom/Gypsies and some Latin American Indians, control their own 
sovereign territories. As such, there is no reason why anyone has to live as a minority if 
they do not desire to do so. Each tribe must do absolutely EVERYTHING to ensure that no 
other tribe attacks them demographically through immigration or higher birth rates.
In order to predict any future emerging of/or consolidation of “new tribes” in Europe, it is 
essential to review the new/old definitions and work to name the unnamed groups:
Mulatto:
1.  A person having one European and one African parent. 2.  A person of mixed European 
and African ancestry. - moo-lat'o, -lä'to, myoo-)n., pl. mu·lat·tos or mu·lat·toes.
ETYMOLOGY: Spanish from Arabic muwallad, person of mixed race, from walada, to 
engender, give birth.
Quadroon (25% African, 75% European)
Octoroon (12,5% African, 87,5% European)
ETYMOLOGY:  Greek okta-, okto-, from okto, Latin octo-, from octo  prefix of Eight+  - 
quad)roon
The terms mulatto, quadroon, and octoroon originated with the racial policies of European 
colonizers in the Americas, especially the Spanish. Because civil rights and responsibilities 
were based directly on the degree of European blood that a person had, such classifications 
were highly elaborated, and minor distinctions in ancestry were carefully recorded. While 
these terms have highly precise definitions, in actual practice they were often used based 
on impressions of skin color rather than definite knowledge of ancestry.
European-Semitic/Arab European/Jewish European
A person of mixed European and semitic blood.
In linguistics and ethnology, Semitic refers to a language and ethnic family comprising of 
the peoples living in primarily the Arabic areas of the Middle East and Northern Africa. 
Berbers, Arabs, Jews, Assyrians, Copts are all considered to comprise the semitic ethnic 
groups.
Creole:
1.)  A person of mixed African and European ancestry who speaks a creolised language, 
especially one based on French or Spanish.  2.)  An African slave born in the Americas as 
opposed to one brought from Africa.
Metisse:
1.)  The offspring of a European and an American Indian.  2.)  The offspring of an European 
and a quadroon; an octoroon.
Eurasian:
Has been in use since the mid-19th century to refer to a person of mixed European and 
Asian birth. It was coined during the British rule over India and was long used primarily in 
designating a person born to a British father and an Indian mother. In a contemporary 
context Eurasian has a much wider application, denoting only that one parent is Asian and 
the other European.
Hapa:
Native Hawaiians used this word to describe someone who was "half Hawaiian". In colonial 
times, it was often combined with the word "haole" which meant stranger, foreigner, or 
white person. As time passed, "hapa" was used on the Continental United States by 
Japanese Americans and other Asian to describe a person of partial Asian ancestry. Many 
Nisei - second generation Japanese Americans) considered the term to be derogatory. 
Today, "Hapa" is simply accepted as a way to describe a person of partial Asian ancestry.
Mestizo:
A person of mixed racial ancestry, especially of mixed European and Native American 
ancestry.  n., pl. mes·ti·zos or mes·ti·zoes. ETYMOLOGY: Spanish, mixed, mestizo, from Old 
Spanish, mixed, from Late Latin mixticius, from Latin mixtus past participle of miscere, to 
mix.
Zambo:
The child of a Mulatto and a Black person; also, the child of an Indian and a Black Person. 
Also Sambo.
Griffe:
A person of mixed negro and American Indian blood. The offspring of a mulatto woman and 
a negro; also, a mulatto.
Mestee/Mustee/Metisse:
1. The offspring of a European and an American Indian.
As far as I know, there are no words which define the mixing of the three 
European sub-races: Nordic/Germanic, Alpine and Mediterranean. Such definitions 
would probably be relevant in Europe but less relevant in the US. It is common to 
refer to inter-European mixing with emphasis of the country of origin. F example; 
French-Norwegian or German-Italian etc.
Modern terms, commonly used, submitted to MixedFolks.com
•
AfroAsian - A person who is mixed with black/African and Asian.
•
Afroindipean - Person of African, Indian & European descent.
•
Afrorean - Someone who is black/African and Korean.
•
Afropean - Someone who is black/African and European
•
AmerAsian - A person of mixed American and Asian descent.
•
Biethnic 
•
Blasian - Black and Asian.
•
Blatino - Black and Latino.
•
Cablinasian - Tiger Woods' term for what he is Caucasian, Black, Indian [Native American], 
Asian.
•
Casian - Someone who is White [Caucasian] and Asian.
•
Caucindiblack - pronounced Cauc-indi-black.. Caucasian, Indian - American Indian. and 
Black.
•
Caucindicreole - (pronounced Cauc-ind-icreole) Caucasian, Indian - American Indian. and 
Creole - Black French.
•
Caurean - Someone who is White and Korean.
•
Chigro -someone who is half Black and half Chinese.
•
EurAsian - A person of mixed European and Asian origin.
•
Halfrican - Half African
•
Mambo - Person who is the offspring of a Sambo and black, and is therefore 1/8 white and 
3/4 black.
•
Mexigro - Mexican and Black.
•
Mexipino - Mexican andFilipino.
•
Mixed - Can be applied to any mix
•
Moreno - A Quadroon or light Mulatto.
•
Mulattanese - Part Black, Part White, Part Asian.
•
Mustifee - Someone who is the offspring of an Octroon and white person.
•
Pardo - A person of multiracial or tri-racial origins.
•
Wasian: someone who is white and asian
•
Wigger - Offensive term meaning White Nigger, mostly used to describe White people who 
"act Black".
•
Zebra - half black, half white
PCCTS, Knights Templar message to all minority groups and mixed individuals
Know that we, the PCCTS, Knights Templar, are not a racist organisation. Individuals of 
all races, providing that they are Christian, can join and fight for the Knights Templar as 
Justiciar Knights. Your contribution for the conservative cause will guarantee you and the 
loyal members of your family permanent residency in Europe. You will be embraced as a 
fellow citizen if you shed blood with us, have no doubt about that. The future of all 
minorities in Europe will depend on where their loyalty is and will NOT be based on their 
skin color or ethnic origin. Needless to say; individuals that have proven to be disloyal 
(by directly or indirectly supporting cultural Marxism/multiculturalism) will have no future 
in Europe and will be deported. 
So called neutrality until the day of the takeover/coup d’état will not be an option if you 
want a future in Europe. You must be able to prove your loyalty by establishing a 
verifiable track record (support or membership to a conservative non-violent or 
revolutionary organisation) in order to prove your loyalty. Conversion to Christianity, 
changing of name (where applicable) or change of customs at an early stage will also 
support your candidature for permanent residency. It is only a slight possibility that it will 
be the Knights Templar that will be the dominating conservative force in your country 
when this may apply. Obviously, the rules and requirements for permanent residency will 
be set by the new regime and not by us. As such, consider these guidelines as an 
expected equivalent to what you can expect.
It is likely that when enough new conservative European regimes have consolidated, they 
will create a new zone or use an existing one between the European and the Islamic 
world which will be the destination point for disloyal individuals of mixed origin and other 
individuals which for various reasons do not have access to a specific non-European 
country. Loyal individuals of mixed origin, on the other hand, will and should be 
embraced as brothers.
All members of minority groups will over the next few years have to make a choice. I just 
hope they make the right one. Their future in Europe will rely on it. 

