# 3.85 The political significance of sex in a cultural conservative future

> 原文页码: 1168-1168

3.85 The political significance of sex in a cultural conservative future
Sex is probably the most powerful and under analyzed motivator for man on earth. Had it 
not been for the some abstract illusions of sex, Leiv Eiriksson or Christopher Columbus 
would probably not have discovered America, Muhammad’s armies would not have 
conquered much of the world (ref: 72 virgins is a good incentive for martyrdom, wouldn’t 
you say?), and the cultural Marxists would not have successfully managed to take control 
of our societies. During the sexual revolution in the 70s, the Marxists managed to 
infiltrate and claim this liberal concept, enabling them to exploit the sexual revolution for 
their own benefit.
So how do we preach chastity to a mob who wants unlimited access to free sex? The 
answer is that we don’t. Instead, we must copy the Marxist strategies by integrating or at 
least offer any and all liberals the freedom of unlimited sex in a future scenario. We must 
present concepts that are credible and ensures all aspects of individualism for those who 
seek it (with the exception of hate-ideologies like multiculturalism, Islam etc). This does 
not mean that our future societies will end up as anarchies which is what pure liberalism 
is.  The only difference is that we are at the same time presenting concepts of chastity 
and chivalry at the same time. So how is this possible, how can we ensure that both 
conservatives and liberals are happy? The solution is liberal zones segregated from the 
rest of the society, a more thorough implementation of the US “liberal zone” model. 
Consider it as a doctrine of “Las Vegasism”. The concept of “Sex and the city lifestyles” 
will not be glorified as it is today but restricted to our future Las Vegas zones giving 
everyone who truly desires this form of lifestyle the opportunity to pursue his or her 
definition of happiness while at the same time protecting the rest of society from social 
and moral break down. We must never make the mistake of confusing liberal concepts 
with Marxist concepts. Individualism and the sexual revolution is not a Marxist concept 
but rather a liberal one. Yes, the cultural Marxists managed to infiltrate various 
organisations and took credit for the sexual revolution although that is another 
discussion. Isolated, “sex and the city lifestyle” is relatively harmless, but if you glorify it 
and ram it down the throat of mainstream society like we see today it becomes a lethal 
and destructive societal force as we are witnessing which eventually leads to a complete 

