# 3.86 Sexual ethics/sexual morality in Western Europe has been destroyed by cultural Marxism and liberalism

> 原文页码: 1169-1171

breakdown of moral/ethics, the nuclear family model and a sustainable fertility rate which 
again is leading us to the extinction of Europeans. 
These liberal zones must be completely “ideologically” cut off from the rest of society to 
avoid cultural contamination. By focusing on this middle way we are respecting the 
wishes of the conservatives and the liberals. This should be a compromise we can live 
with.
If we however fail to compromise and instead contribute to ram a puritan and deeply 
conservative way of life down the throat of everyone we will only defeat ourselves. 
Unwillingness to reason with the individualists/liberalists will only be counter-productive 
and will prevent us from ever seizing political power.  
Using the sexual revolution to our advantage will contribute to our success.
3.86 Sexual ethics/sexual morality in Western Europe has been destroyed by 
cultural Marxism and liberalism
Sexual ethics (also referred to as sexual morality) refers to those aspects of ethics that 
deal with issues arising from all aspects of sexuality and human sexual behaviour. 
Broadly speaking, sexual ethics relates to community and personal standards relating to 
the conduct of interpersonal relationships, and deals with issues of consent, sexual 
relations before marriage and/or while married, including issues of marital fidelity and 
premarital and non-marital sex, issues related to sexuality, questions about how gender 
and power are expressed through sexual behaviour, questions about how individuals 
relate to society, and questions about how individual behaviour impacts public health 
concerns.
Ethical dilemmas which involve sex can often appear in situations where there is a 
significant power difference or where there is a pre-existing professional relationship 
between the participants, or where consent is partial or uncertain.
Breakdown in sexual ethics – overview based on country
The following numbers are based on the current numbers and projections of women/girls 
aged 15-30 (the generation born between 1980-1995). 
The degree of breakdown in sexual ethics or sexual morality is manifested through the 
young women’s susceptibility to have one night stands, pre-marital sex and the average 
amount of sexual partners for women during a lifetime. New generation girls (born 
between 80-95) have a substantially less conservative view than older generation girls. 
Country
Sexual ethics from 1 
(extremely low) to 100 
(high)
Average number of 
sexual partners during a 
lifetime
Malta
85
3
Portugal
75
4
Spain
65
5
Italy
65
5
Greece
55
6
France 
45
7
Switzerland
35
8
Canada 
35
8
US* 
25
9
Austria
25
9
Germany
15
10
Netherlands
15
10
Belgium
15
10
UK
5
12-15
Finland
5
12-15
Sweden
5
12-15
Denmark
5
12-15
Norway
5
12-15
* The breakdown in US sexual ethics varies considerably between liberal states such as 
California, New York and Florida in one end and conservative states such as Utah etc.) 
Average based on US as a whole.
These findings are based on the experiences of my network of male friends (my own 
included). We have visited all these countries and our combined experiences and findings 
thoroughly document a relatively precise picture of the current sexual moral in the 
various European countries. We are not completely certain of Canada , Austria, the 
Netherlands and Belgium but my impression correlates with the estimates for these 
countries. It is notable that Protestant countries are at the bottom of the chart while 
primarily Catholic countries are at the top of the chart. 
To further illustrate the breakdown of sexual moral in Western Europe
An alarming number of young girls in Oslo, Norway start giving oral sex from the age of 
11 to 12. This might happen at an even younger age if sexual education is liberalised 
further. This development must be reversed to avoid complete collapse in our traditional 
social structures.
Approximately 50% of my female friends end up under the definition/category; 
promiscuous (female sluts) as they have engaged in sexual activity with more than 20 
partners. 
A majority of them have been infected with one or more sexually transmitted diseases – 
so called STDs such as herpes, chlamydia etc. A promiscuous lifestyle is glorified by the 
media through series such as Sex and the City and artists such as Madonna, Lady Gaga, 
Christina Aguilera and a multitude of other much nastier artists. The boundaries are 
gradually deteriorating as this development is allowed to continue.  
We cannot judge individuals too hard who follow media guidelines but we can and should 
do everything to restrict the massive influence that the media has. 
I am not going to act like a hypocrite and pretend I have not been influenced by the 
typical “Sex and the City” lifestyle. I have been under the influence of this lifestyle as a 
majority of my friends and even my own family members. I used to be proud of my 
“achievements”. However, due to a change of mentality, all I feel is shame whenever I 
think about where this is going. I feel shame on behalf of my city, my country and my 
civilisation. I loathe the post war conservatives for not being able to halt the Marxist 
Cultural Revolution manifested through the 68 generation. And I am now committed to 
contribute to end this diseased culture, lead by the cultural relativists/cultural Marxist 
regime.
STDs ruin people’s lives
Under normal circumstances I would never reveal intimate details about my friends and 
my family’s personal lives due to societal taboos and shame, confidentiality issues and 
loyalty. However, how are we supposed to have a chance at changing our societies when 
we refuse to reveal the negative impacts surrounding the disintegrating moral? I will 
make an exception here and share knowledge about a fraction of my closest network. I 
have limited information and it is likely that a larger portion of my network have suffered 
significant negative issues as a result of “destructive conduct”. 
Although I have had a change of mentality a majority of my friends have not. My 
stepfather Tore, one of my best friends Marius and my more distant friends Kristoffer, 
Sturla and Ronny are all living manifestations of the complete breakdown of sexual 
moral. All five have had more than 300 sexual partners (two of them more than 700) and 
I know for a fact that three of them have one or more STDs (probably all of them). I 
have several other promiscuous (slut) friends and I could list at least 30 male and 
females in my social environment if I wanted to. I don’t blame them personally and it has 
absolutely nothing to do with envy. I could easily have chosen the same path if I wanted 
to, due to my looks, status, resourcefulness and charm. It’s just terribly sad that my 
country have been the victim of severe Marxist infiltration leading to the political 
doctrines which have been allowed to destroy all moral and norms, resulting in the 
complete breakdown of our once great ethical standards. 
My half sister, Elisabeth was infected by chlamydia after having more than 40 sexual 
partners (more than 15 Chippendales’ strippers who are known to be bearers of various 
diseases). Her chlamydia went untreated and she became one of several million 
US/European women who were suffering from PID, Pelvic inflammatory disease caused 
by untreated gonorrhea and chlamydia which leads to infertility. As she lives in the US, 
costs relating to this were not covered by the state. She and her husband spent 40 000-
50 000 USD on two IVF treatments (in vitriol fertilisation) a process by which egg cells 
are fertilised by sperm outside the womb. She was lucky compared to many as these 
treatments may cost upwards of 100 000 USD. Furthermore, as far as I know, due to her 
condition as a result of the untreated disease, she needed a caesarean section for both 
childbirths. The last c-section almost killed her due to complications and she needed 
blood transfusion of more than 5 litres of blood in total. It is unknown if her two children 
suffered from pneumonia and conjunctivitis and other problems in infants born with 
chlamydia transmitted from my sister during childbirth.
My mother was infected by genital herpes by her boyfriend (my stepfather), Tore, when 
she was 48. Tore, who was a captain in the Norwegian Army, had more than 500 sexual 
partners and my mother knew this but suffered from lack of good judgement and moral 
due to several factors (media – glorification of certain stereotypes being one). 
Unfortunately for her, her poor judgment resulted in her being afflicted by genital herpes. 

