# 3.87 Sexually transmitted disease (STD) epidemic in Western Europe as a result of cultural Marxism costing as much as 350 billion Euro annually

> 原文页码: 1172-1174

In addition to this, the herpes infection went to her brain and caused meningitis (this 
condition is usually rare and occurs in less than 1% of herpes infected individuals). As a 
result of this brain infection, which prevented the spinal fluid from flowing freely, she had 
to operate a shunt into her brain as the herpes attacks occurred regularly. She was 
forced into early retirement as a result and her life quality has been significantly reduces 
since, and she now has the intellectual capacity of a 10 year old. Her STD has not only 
cause her much hardships, but it has also cost her and the state up to 1 million Euro.
Both my sister and my mother have not only shamed me but they have shamed 
themselves and our family. A family that was broken in the first place due to secondary 
effects of the feministic/sexual revolution. I can only imagine how many people are 
suffering from STDs as a result of the current lack of sexual moral.
This mentality is clearly not sustainable and if we are to have any desire to salvage our 
civilisation we must ensure that we implement political doctrines to prevent AND reverse 
the current development.
Solutions
The European civilisation will not survive if we continue to allow the breakdown of sexual 
moral as this will cause all social structures to completely deteriorate. 
Furthermore, we should not judge females harder than males as the same sexual moral 
should apply for them as well. So instead of justifying and propagating “traditional male 
moral” to both genders, we should instead implement new sexual ethics for all (primarily 
through the strict regulation of media after we seize political and military power within 
20-70 years).
Artists such as Madonna, Lady Gaga and Christina Aguilera and series such as Sex and 
the City must be considered political activists/political movements and the lifestyles they 
propagate considered political propaganda. Alternatively, artists/series/movies 
propagating/glorifying promiscuousity must be restricted to liberal zones. 
3.87 Sexually transmitted disease (STD) epidemic in Western Europe as a result 
of cultural Marxism costing as much as 350 billion Euro annually
The magnitude of the STD epidemics is a direct cause of the breakdown in sexual ethics 
in Western Europe and is also related to liberal third world immigration. Several Western 
European countries (Norway included) refuse to test African immigrants of HIV (due to 
humanistic principles) even though up to 30% of the citizens of some African countries 
are infected.  
There are several categories of diseases which is defined as an STD. Bacterial, fungal, 
viral, parasites, protozoal are included among the STDs. Oral Herpes (HSV-1) is not 
included. Genital (HSV-2) Herpes is. HIV/AIDS is obviously the most serious of the viral 
STDs.
European STD (sexually transmitted disease) overview based on country 
illustrating the percentage of infected Europeans.
Country
1950
2010
2050
Norway
15
35
70
Denmark
15
35
70
Sweden
15
35
70
Finland
15
35
70
UK
15
35
70
Belgium
14
28
56
Netherlands
14
28
56
Germany
14
28
56
Austria
12
25
50
US*
12
25
50
Canada
10
20
40
Switzerland
10
20
40
France
8
18
36
Greece
6
15
30
Italy
4
14
28
Spain
4
14
28
Portugal
4
14
28
Malta
3
10
20
Negative impacts as a result of the Western European STD epidemics
Devastating social impact
Some people experience negative feelings related to the condition following diagnosis, 
particularly if they have acquired the genital form of the disease. Feelings can include 
depression, fear of rejection, feelings of isolation, fear of being found out and self-
destructive feelings leading to suicide in extreme cases.
People with the herpes virus are often hesitant to divulge to other people, including 
friends and family, that they are infected. This is especially true of new or potential 
sexual partners whom they consider casual. A perceived reaction is sometimes taken into 
account before making a decision about whether to inform new partners and at what 
point in the relationship. Many people do not immediately make their condition known to 
new partners, but wait until a later point in the relationship when the partner is already is 
infected.
How many individuals who commit suicide as a result of infection is unknown but the 
number might be higher than we imagine. For women, STDs can also result in an 
unwillingness to bear children or even making the woman incapable of becoming 
pregnant.
Devastating economical impact
Few comprehensive data exist on the costs associated with sexually transmitted 
infections. From the information that is available, however, it is clear that the economic 
burden imposed by these infections is extremely high, and that an increasing proportion 
of the costs is being borne by public sources of payment. Costs related to STDs will have 
a devastating impact on Western European countries in the future unless we, the cultural 
conservatives, manage to seize political and military control and drastically reverse the 
ongoing cultural suicide of Europe.
HIV/AIDS, 120-300 billion Euro annually (Western Europe)
The direct and indirect costs associated with HIV and AIDS were approximately 120 
billion Euro in 2009. HIV and AIDS are much more costly than other STDs, even though 
there are fewer cases, because of their long-term and devastating consequences.
Large costs related to subsidising the research of treatments HIV/AIDS is not included 
but might total as much as 100-200 billion Euro annually. 
PID, 10-20 billion Euro annually (Western Europe)
On second place comes the cost related to PID, Pelvic inflammatory disease caused by 
untreated gonorrhea and chlamydia. PID affects millions of women each year in Western 
Europe and is an infection of one or more pelvic organs, including the uterus, cervix, and 
fallopian tubes. In 2009, the direct and indirect costs of treatment of PID and PID-related 
ectopic pregnancy and infertility in women aged 15-44 totaled an estimated 10 billion 
Euro. This includes direct medical expenses, hospital charges, physician fees, inpatient, 
care for PID-related ectopic pregnancy and infertility.
Included are indirect costs, which represent the lost productivity of women who are 
incapacitated by or die prematurely from PID, lost wages, lost value of household 
management not performed because of illness and indirect costs associated with early 
deaths related to PID.
Chlamydia, 5-10 billion Euro annually (Western Europe)
Aproximately 8-15 million cases of chlamydia occurs annually in all Western European 
countries (2009 estimate).
The direct and indirect costs of diagnosing and treating uncomplicated chlamydia and 
gonorrhea are high and totaled an estimated 5-10 billion Euro in 2009. Included are costs 
related to direct and indirect costs associated with diagnosis and treatment of 
pneumonia, conjunctivitis and other problems in infants born with chlamydia transmitted 
from their mothers during childbirth. Included are also direct and indirect costs of 
chlamydial infections for both men and women – urethritis and epididymitis.
Gonorrhea and herpes, 2-5 billion Euro annually (Western Europe)
Gonorrhea and herpes also exact a large financial toll, although existing cost data on 
these diseases are less comprehensive than those on chlamydia. The total cost include 
the medical care costs of diagnosing and treating uncomplicated gonorrhea, indirect 

