# 3.88 Various topics relating to social structures

> 原文页码: 1175-1176

costs, diagnosis and treatment of genital herpes, treatment of neonatal herpes and 
screening pregnant women for genital herpes. 
Real costs are probably significantly higher
The total costs for the direct and indirect costs for mentioned STDs are approximately 
140-335 billion Euro annually. 
These figures does not reflect the full costs of sexually transmitted infections, since it 
does not include the indirect costs of herpes; the costs associated with gonorrheal 
infections in newborns; or any costs related to syphilis, HPV and other STDs. The cost of 
medical treatment for infertility (as a result of untreated chlamydia) is probably 
underestimated. Suicides, costs and loss of time relating to psychological impacts related 
to infection of the various STDs are not included. If they were, the costs would probably 
be doubled.  
The numbers are estimates based on US annual numbers from 1990. The costs may be 
significantly higher due to the fact that the Western European countries subsidise 
significantly more treatment methods than the US government. 
Sources:
STD facts - PID. CDC.gov. http://www.cdc.gov/std/PID/STDFact-PID.htm. Accessed 08/24/09.
http://womenshealth.about.com/cs/pi1/a/pelvicinfldisea.htm
American Social Health Association. Sexually Transmitted Diseases in America: How Many Cases and at What Cost? Menlo Park, CA: Kaiser Family 
Foundation, 1998.
Institute of Medicine. Committee on Prevention and Control of Sexually Transmitted Diseases. The Hidden Epidemic: Confronting Sexually 
Transmitted Diseases. Eng TR and Butler WT, eds. Washington, DC: National Academy Press, 1997.
3.88 Various topics relating to social structures
A new mentality, anti-promiscuousity (ROUGH DRAFT)
An anti-promiscuousity mentality should be included in a future secular social reform 
agenda and should be spearheaded through the restriction of media rights (restriction in 
the availability of pro- promiscuous material) and the reform of school curriculums. 
The idea and illusion of romantic love should be challenged and deconstructed. Excessive 
sexuality is a kind of addiction resulting in both physical and social effects, and 
contributes to disrupt relationships and causes people to lie and cheat to achieve the 
pleasure of sexual gratification.
Excessive promiscuousity (sexuality) is the cause of many of the problems in our society. 
We shouldn’t necessarily adapt an anti-sexual stance but at least an anti- promiscuous 
stance. Promiscuousity should be demonised by the media, but instead they encourage 
promiscuous lifestyles.  
The following are a few arguments against excessive sexuality:
•
Sexuality can complicate relationships (as when people are hostile towards each other 
because they are sexually attracted to the same person).
•
Sex may hinder one's spiritual development (non-secular argument).
•
Sexual desire can cause people to place primitive instinct ahead of intellect (people across 
the world continue to have unsafe casual sex despite their awareness of the dangers of 
STDs, for example).
•
Sexuality asserts itself in the human mind by releasing neurochemicals comparable to 
addictive drugs into the brain.
•
Sexual desire can cause people to lie and cheat in the pursuit of sexual relationships.
•
Sexual desires could be false assumptions that are foisted on you by society, hence you 
may need to look at how your sexuality is ideologically and institutionally constructed.
•
Some opponents of lookism, a recently documented form of discrimination, along with 
some proponents of fat acceptance, argue that sexuality, which is usually based on notion 
of physical attractiveness, encourages and justifies obliviousness to the unfairness of 
discrimination against people who are deemed unattractive by others.
•
There is not necessarily a difference between consent and coercion, sex can therefore be a 
means of oppression.
The myth about marriages based on love must be deconstructed
The illusion about love in a relationship between a man and a woman is the sum of 
irrational feelings based on desire. When love fades, and it always does, there is little to 
hold the relationship together. The mass media has been allowed to condition people to 
believe in a myth that does not exist. A marriage must be forged as an institution for the 
raising of children. Marriage must be based on a specific agreement between a man and 
a woman who creates an advanced pact which must have a minimum validity of at least 
20 years. This pact must be forged upon the mutual interest to achieve a goal based on 
cooperation, on friendship, proper communication and on mutual respect - not on love. 
The irrational emotions known as desire are often mistaken as love. Irrational desire 
must never be the fundament of marriage, however love may eventually come, and it is 
something that is built over time. 
The problem in our society is that the people are deliberately misguided by the media, 
who for various reasons have built a myth and several misconceptions about love. A large 
proportion of people who get married are set to fail due to these misconceptions. And it 
is not necessarily their fault as they have been misguided by the media and society in 
general who are building and continue to maintain false illusions. 
The media should not be allowed to continue to misguide people by propagating lies as it 
ruins a massive amount of relationships and marriages. The truth about love must 
become the new concept and norm:
Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It's not about 
how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end! As for 
marriages, a man has to realise that marriage is not an institution for unlimited sex, but 
an institution for raising children. This must be taught to people from childhood so they 
make fewer mistakes later. Too many people spend their whole life and all their resources 
to look for a white rabbit that does not exist. Telling people the truth is the only right 
thing to do as it will not only benefit the individual, but society as well.
Lookism (ROUGH DRAFT)

