# 3.89 Anti-feminist policies - Reviving the patriarchal model by deconstructing the Western European matriarchal systems

> 原文页码: 1177-1178

Lookism is discrimination against or prejudice towards others based on their appearance. 
The term is not in widespread use, though it appears in major English language 
dictionaries.
Lookism has received scholarly attention both from a cultural studies and an economics 
perspective. In the former context, lookism relates to preconceived notions of beauty and 
cultural stereotyping based on appearance as well as gender roles and expectations. 
Important economic considerations include the question of income gaps based on looks, 
as well increased or decreased productivity from workers considered beautiful or ugly by 
their co-workers.
Erotic capital (ROUGH DRAFT)
Erotic capital is power possessed by an individual as a result of his or her sexual 
attractiveness to others. It is one among other species of capital, including social capital, 
symbolic capital, and cultural capital.
erotic capital as accruing to an individual due to the quality and quantity of attributes 
that he or she possesses which elicit an erotic response in another. Some of these 
attributes may be immutable, such as an individual's race or height, while others may be 
acquired through fitness training, plastic surgery, or a makeover, among other 
techniques.
Erotic capital is interconvertible with other forms of capital, as when actors parlay erotic 
capital into financial capital or social capital.
Females have a significantly higher proportion of erotic capital than males due to 
biological differences (men have significantly more prevalent sexual urges than females 
and are thus easily manipulated). The female manipulation of males has been 
institutionalised during the last decades and is a partial cause of the feminisation of men 
in Europe. This highly underestimated factor has contributed to the creation and rise of 
the matriarchal systems which are now dominating Western European countries. 
European women, in light of the feminist revolution, are now considerably more 
influential than men due to the sum of all forms of capital. 
3.89 Anti-feminist policies - Reviving the patriarchal model by deconstructing 
the Western European matriarchal systems
I’ll be the first to admit that there are many sensible feminist policies.  The goal should 
obviously not be to reverse ALL feminist policies just for the sake of it. Ignore these 
sensible feminist policies, and instead focus on the destructive policies.
Fact: 60-70% of all cultural Marxists/multiculturalists are women. This partly explains 
why the gradual feminist revolution is directly linked to the implementation of 
multiculturalist doctrines. These feminist cultural Marxists do not only want more benefits 
and rights for themselves. They want it all, and have more or less been awarded with 
everything they could ever dream of achieving. They now have complete matriarchal 
supremacy domestically and exercise substantial influence in politics. The current 
matriarchy in Western European countries is partly the cause of the symptoms that have 
become increasingly prevalent. To counter the symptoms it is required to fix the 
underlying flaws of our systems. One of the primary flaws is the matriarchal supremacy 
we see in several arenas. 
The primary trait and value that a majority of women propagate is “compassion”. While 
compassion is not always a negative thing it can severely cripple fields/committees who 
rely on a minimum degree of cynicism such as the following fields:
•
Discipline at school (penal policies)
•
Discipline in the community (penal policies for criminals, rehab policies for drug addicts)
•
Immigration policies 
•
Defence policies
•
Business polices (international trade)
•
Church
•
Education sector (feminisation of boys)
•
Domestic polices (the father must always be the head of the family and the laws of the 
country must reflect this especially relating to custody rights, in relation to divorce etc.
Marriage – why “no-fault” divorce is one of our most dangerous social 
experiments
No-fault divorce laws were introduced in Western Europe and other industrialised 
countries during the 1970s and are being expanded into other regions of the world today.
The spouse who divorces or otherwise abrogates the marriage contract incurs no liability 
for the costs or consequences, creating a unique and unprecedented legal anomaly. In all 
other areas of contract law those who break a contract are expected to compensate their 
partner, but under a system of 'no fault' divorce, this essential element of contract law is 
abrogated."
In fact, the legal implications go farther, since the courts actively assist the violator. The 
law generally supports the spouse seeking the divorce, even if that spouse was the 
wrongdoer." "No-fault" did not really remove fault, therefore; it simply allowed judges to 
redefine it however they pleased. It introduced the novel concept that one could be 
deemed guilty of violating an agreement that one had, in fact, not violated. According to 
therapeutic precepts, the fault for marital breakup must be shared, even when one 
spouse unilaterally seeks a divorce. Many husbands and wives who did not seek or want 
divorce were stunned to learn that they were equally 'at fault' in the dissolution of their 
marriages.
While lamenting the high divorce rate is conventional piety among family advocates, 
most have refused to challenge the divorce laws. The standard rationalisation is that to 
control divorce we must first change the culture. But no one suggests that changing the 
culture is a prerequisite for preventing, say, abortion. While cultural forces certainly 
contribute, the divorce epidemic has proceeded directly from a legal system which 
permits and even encourages it.
Furthermore, it is only because traditional understandings of marriage have already been 
severely undermined that homosexuals are now laying claim to it. Gays to do not want 
marriage in the traditional mold (1950 version marriage), only the watered-down version 
that exists today.
Custody rights 

