# 3.90 Preventing the European population decline – securing sustainability – future national reproduction policies

> 原文页码: 1179-1186

To truly reverse the decline of the family, the momentum must be carried forward to 
confront the current destructive matriarchal policies that have institutionalised “broken 
family” policies. Our current system produces broken families and prevents traditional 
norms based on discipline. The most direct threat to the family is “divorce on demand”. 
Sooner or later, if Western Europe is to endure, it must be brought under control. The 
father/patriarch must be given considerably more influence as this is the only way to 
ensure the survival of the nuclear family as it will enhance family integrity. The 
matriarchal supremacy within the modern households must seize to exist. 
As of now, the mother will always be awarded child custody rights unless she is mentally 
ill or a drug/alcohol addict. The system must be reformed so that the father will be 
awarded custody rights by default. This will ensure that that divorce rate will be 
significantly reduced (by up to 50-70%) and will contribute to uphold the nuclear family.
More on the topic:
http://fathersforlife.org/articles/Baskerville/no-blame_game.htm
Abortion
Abortion should only be allowed in case of rape, if the mother’s life is in danger, or if the 
baby has mental or physical disabilities. The liberal zones may be exempt by this rule.  
On demand contraceptive pills 
Contraceptive pills and equivalent methods will be severely restricted in conservative 
territories. The liberal zones may be exempt by this rule.  
Sexual education
Sexual education in schools should be limited to that of 1950/60 Western Europe. The 
liberal zones may be exempt by this rule.  
Gender based affirmative action in the public and private sector must seize
Qualifications must be the only requirement and nothing else. 
In extreme Marxist dictatorships such as Norway, they have implemented affirmative 
action policies which require all publicly listed corporations to have at least a 40% share 
of females in their company boards. Companies that do not comply get fined. 
3.90 Preventing the European population decline – securing sustainability – 
future national reproduction policies
“I am opposing to the nation that two children are enough and I have a scientific 
explanation for that. Today we see that the average number of children per family is below 
two, and this is a wrong policy that Westerners have adopted. They are paying a heavy 
price now to preserve their culture and identity. So why must we follow in their path?”
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President of Iran, April 18th, 2010 
Western European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites are arguing that we need 
immigration to compensate for our population decline and the dangerously low birth rates 
of European women. However, they fail to admit and acknowledge that they themselves, 
and their policies, are the reason for the decline. Secondly, they are reluctant to 
implement effective measures in order to increase the low fertility rates. 
A future cultural conservative regime would be able to ensure sustainable fertility rates 
without the need for mass immigration from Muslim countries. This can partly be 
achieved by using Australian or Japanese models. More components to these models can 
be added if the result isn’t satisfactory. European-Australian fertility rates are increasing 
and are already among the highest in developed societies. The women in Australia are 
among the best educated with the highest standards of living.
The goal for Europe should be to reach and stabilise on an average fertility rate of 2,1 but 
we may have to compensate for historical losses by aiming for 2,5 initially and for 
periods if necessary.
Implementing sustainable reproduction policies will not be possible until we seize political 
and military power in phase 2 (2030-2070) or phase 3 (2070-2090). 
Future national reproduction policies will rely on how we choose to reform women’s 
rights, media-government-social directives/the Church/drug-alcohol policies/sexual-
family ethics and moral. In order for women to be truly liberated, according to hardcore 
feminists, she must be free from the pressure of carrying offspring. But that is not really 
possibly or at least acceptable as humanity would be extinct within a generation. 
Ensuring sustainable fertility rates does however not necessarily mean that we have to 
strip away women their rights as there are alternatives.
We need to increase our fertility rate from the European average (non-Muslim) of 1,5 to 
2,1-2,3 (2,1 being a minimum).
This will to a certain degree involve encouraging many 3 child families. 
Solutions
Positive incentives: Giving women more incentives to have children in the form of 
various welfare incentives, tax deductions, various incentives aimed at the nuclear family 
and similar incentives as has been introduced in Australia and Japan. However, this alone 
will not increase the fertility rate more than 0,2-0,3 points.  
Here are two suggestions that will ensure a sustainable fertility rate:
Suggestion 1: Conservative model - Back to the 50s – because we know it works
This alternative will involve increasing our national fertility rates from current 1,5 to 2,1 
or even higher. Achieving this will involve several political reforms and will involve a 
degradation of women’s rights to a certain degree:
1. Limit the distribution of birth-control pills (contraceptive pills): Discourage the 
use of and prevent liberal distribution of contraceptive pills or equivalent prevention 
methods. The goal should be to make it considerably more difficult to obtain. This alone 
should increase the fertility rate by 0,1 points but would degrade women’s rights. 
2. Reform sex education: Reform the current sex education in our school institutions. 
This may involve limiting it or at least delaying sex education to a later age and 
discourage casual sex. Sex should only be encouraged within the boundaries of marriage. 
This alone should increase the fertility rate by 0,1 points.
3. Making abortion illegal: A re-introduction of the ban on abortion should result in an 
increased fertility rate of approximately 0,1-0,2 points but would strip women of basic 
rights. 
4. Women and education: Discourage women in general to strive for full time careers. 
This will involve certain sexist and discriminating policies but should increase the fertility 
rate by up to 0,1-0,2 points.
Women should not be encouraged by society/media to take anything above a bachelor’s 
degree but should not be prevented from taking a master or PhD. Males on the other 
hand should obviously continue to be encouraged to take higher education – bachelor, 
master and PhD.
A family/wife caring for 3 children will not normally have the capacity to pursue the same 
career opportunities as their husbands, nor should they be expected to. Instead, women 
should be encouraged to have part time jobs (or 2/3) although of course not prevented 
from following the same career paths as males if they chose to. 
4. Conservative media policies: Discourage women in general to strive for “sex and 
the city/Madonna” lifestyles. The mass media are currently actively 
glorifying/encouraging “sex and the city/Madonna” lifestyles which involves the 
glorification of casual sex, multiple sex partners and generally an extremely liberal 
individualistic lifestyle hostile to the traditional nuclear family values. As such, the non-
restrictions of the mass media is the main cause for our unsustainable fertility rate of 
1,5.  
The indirect media/government glorification campaigns through individual artists, various 
series, movies and media coverage in general should reflect this new shift (no more 
glorification of “sex and the city lifestyles” or equivalent portrayals. No longer should 
women be pressured to have equal success regarding their career as males. 
Womens “new role” should be actively illustrated and glorified through series, movies and 
commercials. This will involve significant restrictions in media freedoms and rights. These 
restrictions and reforms will result in an increased fertility rate of approximately 0,2-0,3 
points.
The end result for implementing the above reforms would be an increase in the fertility 
rate up from 1,5 to approximately 2,1-2,4 which would be sustainable.
However, this will also involve significant restrictions in women’s rights and media rights. 
Suggestion 2: Feminist/liberalist model -  Creating surrogacy facilities in low 
cost countries and state funded boarding homes domestically 
The following suggestion can only be applied in a highly pragmatical and rational society 
that isn’t bound by the paralyzing grasp of today’s cultural Marxist non-ethics. 
An alternative which would prevent the need to restrict women’s rights and media rights 
would be to allow the state to play an essential role in national reproduction. This would 
mean allowing European Federation women to continue their current path toward 
liberating themselves from the pressure of carrying offspring. 
This would involve the creation of a network of surrogacy facilities in low cost countries 
and basically “outsource breeding”. A gestational surrogate carrier refers to a woman 
who carries a pregnancy created by the egg and sperm of two other individuals by using 
IVF[1].
IVF or in vitro fertilisation is a process by which egg cells are fertilised by sperm outside 
the womb, in vitrio. IVF is traditionally a major treatment in infertility when other 
methods of assisted reproductive technology have failed. The process involves 
hormonally controlling the ovulatory process, removing ova (eggs) from the woman's 
ovaries and letting sperm fertilise them in a fluid medium. The fertilised egg (zygote) is 
then transferred to the patient's uterus with the intent to establish a successful 
pregnancy. The first "test tube baby", Louise Brown, was born in 1978. IVF can also be 
used when parents want to have multiple births. The first pregnancy achieved with the 
use of donor eggs was reported in 1984. By using in vitro fertilisation (IVF) techniques, 
eggs are obtained from the ovaries of the donor, fertilised by sperm from the other donor, 
and the resulting embryo's are placed into the surrogate's uterus. If pregnancy is 
achieved, the resulting child will be genetically related to the two donors but not to the 
surrogate.
Who will care for these children? Career obsessed women who does not prioritise 
reproduction is not likely to have the will to care for these surrogacy babies either so 
there would not be enough foster parents.
The state role as “foster parents”
The only alternative would be that the state, or state funded institutions take on the role 
for fostering these children. This is how the arrangements could work: 
A large facility or a so called “boarding home” is created which is divided into 5 separate 
areas:
-
Kindergarden boarding home (age 0-6)
-
Primary school boarding home (age 6-12)
-
Secondary school boarding home (age 12-16)
-
High school boarding home (age 16-19)
-
College/university boarding home (age 19-25) 
Describing the complete process - example:
6 babies, 3 boys – 3 girls, are delivered to the boarding home during the first 6 months 
of the year, 6 more babies, 3 boys – 3 girls, are delivered during the next 6 months.  
The first 6 are assigned a specific surname, f example Andersson and two full time 
“parents/guardians”, one male and one female. From now on, these 6 babies are 
considered brothers and sisters. Together with their two “parents/guardians” they are 
considered a unique family, and will not be separated for the rest of their lives. These two 
full time employees (one male, one female) who will act as their parents/guardians will 
follow them throughout their lives. 
This setup will facilitate and encourage close bonding as they will do as many activities as 
possible together to ensure a stable and warm relationship allowing the development of 
trust, friendship and “family ties”.
Year 0-6 – kindergarden: 08.00-16.00
Kindergarden facility: The Kindergarden facility will be separated from the kindergarden 
boarding home facility and will have a pre-defined number of employees depending on 
number of children. 
Kindergarden boarding home: There will be 1 full time caretaker for every 10 or 20 
children who will stay/work at the boarding home in case of sickness etc. If a child is sick 
she or he will care for the child at the boarding home facility.
16.00-24.00
The “mother” and “dad” may be available at the same time or may arrange their 
schedule so the times are somewhat overlapping. This model will be used for the 4 other 
homes.
-
Primary school boarding home (age 6-12)
-
Secondary school boarding home (age 12-16)
-
High school boarding home (age 16-19)
-
College/university boarding home (age 19-25) 
In addition to the assigned and financially compensated “mum/dad” there may be 
additional fostering services added such as the opportunity for childless career oriented 
individuals to adopt a family (6 children) and spend time with them on a weekly basis 
and/or during holidays. 
How many of these boarding facilities will be required to sustain the birth deficit of a 
country?
That will depend on which policies the regime chooses to implement relating to 
reproduction. If we are not interested in the “50s model” and instead continue with 
“business as usual” with a fertility rates of 1,5 we will require many surrogate and 
boarding home facilities. 
Example country
A country of 5 000 000 with a fertility rate of 1,5 would have a birth rate of 
approximately 9,72 births/1000 population annually:
9,72 x 5000 = 48 600 annual births.
In order for the same country to reach a fertility rate of 2,1 it would need to have an 
annual birth rate of 15,73/1000 population:
15,73 x 5000 = 78 650 annual births. 
The annual birth deficit for this country is therefore 30 050. 
In other words, each year 30 050 babies will have to be ordered from surrogate facilities 
in low cost countries and delivered to the kindergarden boarding homes. 
Every male/female donor will reproduce a maximum of 100 children. As such, there will 
be a requirement of at least 300 donors annually (for the reproduction of 30 000 
children) depending on the desired restriction ratio to prevent future inbreeding effects. 
This will be a large industry requiring a parent/guardian work force of at least 10 000 (2 
full time employees per 6 children).
However, the above “reproduction industry” will ensure that the country has a sustainable 
fertility rate of 2,1 which can be adjusted should the women of that country decide to be 
a little more like Madonna or the women in “sex and the city”. Most importantly, that 
country will not be depending on any immigration at all.
Donor Recruitment 
This option is usually arranged through established egg/sperm donation programs. 
Existing European programs must be drastically increased to facilitate large-scale 
programs. Women in IVF programs may forward their excess eggs to other surrogates. 
One donor should however not donate more than 100 eggs/sperm doses to avoid 
potential future inbreeding effects. This number may be adjusted based on distribution 
area. All donors will be compensated financially for their expenses, time, risk, and 
inconvenience associated with the process.
Selecting and screening egg/sperm donors 
All egg and sperm donors must be screened according to high pre-defined standards 
including genetic diseases. Optimally, the donors should score high in interpersonal, 
verbal-linguistic, logical-mathematical, intrapersonal and visual-spatial intelligence 
tests[2] and be of the indigenous group (French genotype in France, Italian in Italy, 
Nordic in Scandinavia etc.). 
Surrogacy
A surrogate is a woman who carries a pregnancy for another woman. The first surrogate 
pregnancy occurred in the United States in 1985. Gestational carrier refers to a woman 
who carries a pregnancy created by the egg and sperm of two other individuals. This 
process involves IVF. In this case, the gestational carrier is not genetically related to the 
child.
Setting up surrogate facilities in low cost countries
Anonymous surrogates can be arranged through existing surrogate programs such as f 
example the Organisation of Parents Through Surrogacy (OPTS). However, considering 
the potentially large scale of this project, dedicated surrogate facilities should be created 
in select low cost countries. Surrogates will be anonymous and are compensated for their 
services according to market rates.
Screening Surrogates
Surrogacy guidelines are not as well established as they are for donor sperm and donor 
eggs. The ideal surrogate is relatively young, has previously carried a pregnancy without 
complications, and does not have any habits, such as smoking, alcohol, or illicit drug use, 
risky sexual behaviour, or medical disorders such as diabetes or Rh sensitisation, that 
could jeopardise the health of the fetus. A complete medical history and physical exam 
should be performed as well as screening for infectious diseases. An evaluation of the 
surrogate's uterus may also be recommended, and psychological evaluation is strongly 
recommended.
 
Surrogacy programs vary in the amount of information given about the surrogate. Some 
programs offer the couple the opportunity to select and interact with the surrogate, while 
other programs maintain the confidentiality of the surrogate. 
As with donor egg programs, the procedure for a gestational carrier involves IVF. As 
noted in the section on donor eggs, the gestational carrier may be given hormones to 
prepare her uterus for embryo transfer. The embryos from the infertile couple will then 
be transferred to the carrier's uterus. For traditional surrogacy, the surrogate is 
inseminated with the male partner's sperm via ICI or IUI near the time of ovulation. IVF 
is not necessary for traditional surrogacy. The success rates for gestational or traditional 
surrogacy can vary depending on male and female fertility factors.
Guardian parent recruitment, screening, education and incentives
Screening of guardian parents must be done thoroughly. This is not a 1-3 year job but 
instead involves at least 25 year term of commitment. A guardian parent cannot simply 
leave his 6 children after 5 years as this would be a catastrophe to the children. Instead 
he must be willing to invest at least 25 years of his life into this choice. The children 
needs stability and solid social frames.
Bachelor of Professional Guardian Parenthood – 3 year education
 A guardian parent must complete a bachelor degree – f example a degree called: 
Bachelor of Professional Guardian Parenthood where he will learn how to be an optimal 
parent/tutor, everything from the needs of an infant to the needs of a teenager. 
Success through incentive parameters decides wages
The wage of a guardian parent will be closely linked to his success. It will be an indirect 
competition between the individual guardian parents and their families where pre-defined 
parameters will decide the level of success.
Average grades for the children in the family, measured annually during kindergarden, 
primary school, secondary school, high school and college/university will be a primary 
factor. An average A for their 6 children will score the two guardian parents 100 points as 
the illustration shows:
Scholastic measurement 
-
A – 100 points
-
B – 60 points
-
C – 30 points
-
D – 5 points
There will be 4 incentive phases and certain primary factors for measuring success may 
be added to the earlier phases
-
Kindergarden – 3 basic points (+1-4 happiness points)
-
Primary school – 7 basic points
-
Secondary school – 10 basic points
-
High school – 15 basic points
-
College/university – 20 basic points
Score per phase
-
Kindergarden: 35-700 points available to attain 
-
Primary school: 35-700 points available to attain 
-
Secondary school: 50-1000 points available to attain 
-
High school: 75-1500 points available to attain 
-
College/university: 100-2000 points available to attain 
Balance of wage depending on hours invested per phase
The kindergarden phase will obviously involve more invested hours than the high school 
but especially the college/university phase. The incentive wage model must be created so 
it always motivates the guardian parent to do the best possible job in every phase. The 
success of his children must be a deciding factor for the guardian parents wage and the 
acquisition of pension points. Furthermore, successful guardian parents may be awarded 
in other ways as well (perhaps on the area that influences the social hierarchy). 
Regardless, the job of the guardian parent will be one of the most important ones in 
society and the incentives and appreciation should reflect that.   
Happyness/psychological measurement 
A resulting drop out of school or a 1 year scholastic delay for various reasons will result 
in a significant penalty to annual score.
A resulting suicide will result in a significant penalty to annual score.

