# 3.92 The rapid extinction of the Nordic genotypes

> 原文页码: 1188-1191

regimes in Western Europe are defeated in phase 3 (2070-2090) a new type of political 
structure must be created which is immune to future Marxist attempts of infiltration. This 
structure should be protected by a conservative Guardian Council. 
Certain political principles should be made permanent and un-alterable in the future. 
Areas of politics which will be ”managed”:
At least one parliament seat should be reserved for a ”Cultural and Scientific Overseer” 
which will have the right to veto any new bills presented by parliament which violates the 
nations primary doctrines (preferably only used in extremely rare cases and only when 
the primary values are threatened).
We must avoid a one-party-state system as this is not desirable in the long run. As long 
as we have implemented permanent mechanics in relation to cultural areas (culture, 
procreation, defence-security, immigration) we can afford to continue to guarantee 
balanced political representation on a majority of other areas. 
Cultural aspects – monoculture, Christendom’s position, Scientific goals (20% of budged 
will be reserved for Science and development). Protectorate policies – a future Europe 
will be protectors for the Middle Eastern Christian states and Israel, and are obligated to 
help all Christian groups around the world in their defence against future Jihads. 
Assistance should be offered and sent to our Buddhist and Hindu brothers if they request 
our help against Jihadi attacks or campaigns.
Cultural Marxism/European multiculturalism/extreme egalitarianism will be labelled as 
racist, genocidal, anti-European hate ideologies and will therefore be banned 
permanently.
The justification and driving force for the re-introduction of monoculturalism will be based 
on practical issues and circumstances related to social cohesion and not on hate. This re-
introduction of monoculturalism will resemble that of today’s Japan, South Korea and 
Taiwan.
See other chapters for in depth descriptions.
3.92 The rapid extinction of the Nordic genotypes
A 2002 study found that the prevalence of blue eye colour among European-Americans in 
the United States to be 57.4 percent for those born from 1899 through 1905 compared 
with 33.8 percent for those born from 1936 through 1951. Blue eyes have become 
increasingly rare among American children, with only one out of every six – 16.6 percent, 
which is 49.8 million out of 300 million (22.4% of European-Americans) of the total 
United States population having blue eyes. The plunge in the past few decades has taken 
place at a remarkable rate. A century ago, 80 percent of people married within their 
ethnic group. Blue eyes were routinely passed down, especially among people of Western 
and Northern European ancestry.
About half of Americans born at the turn of the 20th century had blue eyes, according to 
a 2002 Loyola University study in Chicago. By mid-century that number had dropped to a 
third. Today only about one 1 of every 6 Americans has blue eyes, said Mark Grant, the 
epidemiologist who conducted the study.
Grant was moved to research the subject when he noticed that blue eyes were much 
more prevalent among his elderly patients in the nursing home where he worked than in 
the general population. At first he thought blue eyes might be connected to life 
expectancy, so he began comparing data from early 20th-century health surveys. Turns 
out it has more to do with marriage patterns.
A century ago, 80 percent of people married within their ethnic group, Grant said. Blue 
eyes, a genetically recessive trait, were routinely passed down, especially among people 
of English, Irish, and Northern European ancestry.
By mid-century, a person's level of education -- and not ethnicity -- became the primary 
factor in selecting a spouse. As intermarriage between ethnic groups became the norm, 
blue eyes began to disappear, replaced by brown.
The influx of nonwhites into the United States, especially from Latin America and Asia, 
hastened the disappearance. Between 1900 and 1950, only about 1 in 10 Americans was 
nonwhite. Today that ratio is 1 in 3.
With the exception of an increased risk of macular degeneration (blue eyes are at greater 
risk) , eye colour is biologically indicative of almost nothing. Boys are 3 percent to 5 
percent likelier to have blue eyes than girls, but beyond that it's a non-issue, 
physiologically speaking. The cultural implications are another story.
Preferences for fair skin and blue eyes stretch back in Europe to at least the Middle Ages, 
according to Hema Sundaram , author of “Face Value”, a book about the history of 
beauty. For women in particular, especially those of European descent, fair skin and light 
eyes have long been seen as indicators of fertility and beauty.
America adopted those biases early on, and Hollywood reinforced them by anointing a 
long line of blue-eyed blondes such as Marilyn Monroe as the nation's sex symbols.
In the 1930s, eugenicists used the disappearance of blue eyes as a rallying cry to support 
immigration restrictions. They went so far as to map the parts of the country with the 
highest and lowest percentage of blue-eyed people.
So consumed were Americans with this ideal that in the '70s and '80s the fashion models 
who exemplified the All-American look were typically Scandinavian, said Katie Ford, CEO 
of Ford Models in New York, which has been in business for 60 years. Blue, by 53 
percent, is by far the most popular colour contact lens sold at 1-800-CONTACTS, the 
largest contact lens distributor in the US, said Tim Johnson, a spokesman for the 
company. 
We all remember the horrors from WW2 where the Empire of Japan committed atrocities 
against the Chinese by large scale massacres and by using them as human test subjects 
for various purposes. Nazi Germany and other countries did the same thing in a smaller 
degree and it can’t or shouldn’t be excused. Unfortunately, the horrors of WW2 created a 
stigma associated with all future research and advances in the field of reprogenetics and 
improving humans biologically by removing negative hereditary factors. Nevertheless, it 
is common today for Westerners to abort if it is proved that the fetus has Down’s 
syndrome, severe disfigurements (lacking or additional limbs) or other severe physical 
handicaps like dwarfism.   
I decided to bring up this topic despite the fact that it is considered politically suicidal to 
discuss under the current cultural Marxist regimes. Most of the propagators of these 
issues are often affiliated with racist or Nazi ideologies. It is therefore very important 
with an anti-racist and anti-fascist perspective to these debates. Why is eugenics and 
reprogenetics so extremely politically incorrect to discuss?
The answer is due to the “negative eugenics programs” of Nazi Germany. Forced 
sterilisation and forceful experimentation of human test subjects are factors used at that 
time which should never have occurred. Many European countries used to forcefully 
sterilise Gypsies/Rom up to aprox 1972 to prevent them from breeding because they 
used to be considered “sub-human” etc. These programs are today referred to as 
“negative eugenics” due to these and other factors.
 
In any case, we need to get over this taboo as soon as possible because it is estimated 
that the Nordic genotypes will be extinct completely within 200 years. This is mainly due 
to intermarriage between Nordics and non-Nordics. Multiculturalist doctrines have 
speeded this “indirect extermination process” up further in many Western European 
countries so the extinction might happen sooner. F example the Norwegian cultural 
Marxist government has created a vast network of asylum camps all over the country 
(and in historically isolated small towns and villages) which will contribute to accelerate 
this process substantially. The Nordic genotypes might be wiped out within 200 years and 
yet not a single counter-measure has been employed to prevent this from happening due 
to the fact that it is considered politically incorrect.
Realistically there are only three ways to prevent this. One solution will be by introducing 
negative eugenics programs combined with ethnic segregation somewhat similar to some 
policies of the Third Reich. Segregating Nordics and non-Nordic genotypes at this point 
would be almost impossible even if you had military and political carte blanche. Even in 
Norway and Sweden the number of individuals with the Nordic genotype is reduced 
annually at a drastic rate due to EU open borders program, mass-Asian/African 
immigration and significantly higher  Asian/African (especially Muslim) birthrates. 
Current distribution of the Nordic genotypes
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Light_hair_coloration_map.png
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Passing_of_the_Great_Race_-_Map_4.jpg
Countries ranked after historic concentration of the Nordic genotypes
Country 
1900 - %
1950
2010
2040
2070
Iceland
90
80
60
30
15
Finland
85
75
55
35
25
Sweden
85
75
45
20
10
Norway
85
75
45
20
10
Denmark
85
75
45
20
10
Germany
75
65
35
17
8,5
Baltic 
75
65
35
25
18
Czech Rep
75
65
35
25
18
Poland
75
60
30
20
15
UK
70
60
30
15
7,5
US
57,4
33,8
16,6
8
4
Benelux
55
47
30
15
7,5
Australia
55
45
30
15
9
Slovakia
55
45
30
20
15
Belarus
55
45
30
20
15
Russia
35
45
25
18
13
Canada
40
35
25
15
7,5
As you see, the future projections of the extinction rate are based on current immigration 
policies. Eastern European countries will have a slower extinction rate due to more 
conservative immigration policies. 
Political correctness/cultural Marxism causes the extinction
The countries included in the current EUSSR/USASSR hegemony refuse to discuss these 
topics due to the fact that political correctness paralyzes and prevents all meaningful 
debate. So the only chance we have to prevent the complete and utter extinction of the 
Nordic genotypes and other genotypes for that matter is depending on what policies the 
future cultural conservative European Federation countries choose to implement. 
A solution which seems to be the only option which could work in this modern world 
would be to commercialise positive reprogenetics programs on a state level. This will 
obviously not be possible as long as the cultural Marxists dominate our regimes due to 
the fact that they are bound by political correctness/cultural Marxism. Anyone who 
suggests a program like this would immediately be labeled a Nazi and racist which 
subsequently would end anyone’s career (character assassination). No Western politician, 
which is a part of the current EUSSR/USASSR hegemony, will take this chance. It is 
therefore up to the politically incorrect cultural conservatives to take responsibility when 
we seize power within 30-70 years. And when we do we should refrain from committing 
the same mistakes of the past. We must reject negative eugenics and instead focus on 
positive eugenics or so called reprogenetics.
Political correct individuals will say:
“Who cares if blonde people with blue eyes are extinct? We are all going to be dark skinned 
in the future anyway.”
Wrong. We are only going to allow the indigenous peoples of Europe to be indirectly 
exterminated if we allow it, which we have no intention to allow. The hypocritical thing is 
that the same individuals stating this is likely to support animals that are facing 
extinction, the preservation of rare species in the animal kingdom etc. Why should we 
preserve the polar bears, when we have brown bears?

