# 3.93 Reprogenetics and the future

> 原文页码: 1192-1194

According to the logic of the cultural Marxist - blonde, blue eyed people have lesser value 
than animals.
There are absolutely no valid arguments for propagating political views which indirectly 
result in the extinction of ethnic groups. The mentality just underlines that 
multiculturalism is in fact an anti-European hate ideology created to exterminate 
everything European. If a rare African or Asian ethnic group was found with distinctive 
physical characteristics the current cultural Marxist hegemony (lead by EUSSR and 
USASSR) would have no problem at all to allow and fund a group which goal was to 
preserve it (they are in fact doing this in Tibet who is being invaded by Han Chinese). 
They have no problem to justify their support to Tibet which makes them nothing more 
than hypocrites.  
Solutions to prevent the extinction of the Nordic genotypes
There are basically two realistic solutions:
1. The commercialisation and state/media encouragement of reprogenetics favoring the 
Nordic genotype- See “reprogenetics and the future” for more information.
And/or
2. The usage of large scale surrogacy facilities as a secondary reproduction option for 
countries to compensate for non-sustainable fertility rates. The donors of eggs and sperm 
will then exclusively carry the Nordic genotypes. See “National reproduction policies” for 
more information.
Both solutions are possible and realistic if the political will is there. 
Sources:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blonde_hair
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eyecolor#Blue
3.93 Reprogenetics and the future
Reprogenetics is a term referring to the merging of reproductive and genetic technologies 
expected to happen in the near future as techniques like germinal choice technology 
become more available and more powerful. The term was coined by Lee M. Silver, a 
professor of molecular biology at Princeton University, in his 1997 book Remaking Eden.
In Silver's formulation, reprogenetics will involve advances in a number of technologies 
not yet achieved, but not inherently impossible. Among these are improvements in 
interpreting the effects of different expressions of DNA, the ability to harvest large 
numbers of embryos from females, and a far higher rate of reinsertion of embryos into 
host mothers. The end result, according to Silver, is that those parents who can afford it 
will be able to pick out the genetic characteristics of their own children, which Silver says 
will trigger a number of social changes in the decades after its implementation. Possible 
early applications, however, might be closer to eliminating disease genes passed on to 
children.
According to Silver, the main differences between reprogenetics and eugenics, the 
"science" of improving the gene pool which in the first half of the 20th century became 
infamous for the brutal policies it inspired, is that most eugenics programs were 
compulsory programs imposed upon citizens by governments trying to enact an ultimate 
goal.
Reprogenetics, by contrast, would be pursued by individual parents, who would be trying 
to improve their children with the same motivations that compel them to purchase 
expensive courses in preparation for standardised testing (e.g. the SAT).
Eugenics would have required a continual selection for breeding of the "fit", and a culling 
of the "unfit" while, according to bioethicist James Hughes, universal access to 
reprogenetics provided by a welfare state would permit the conversion of all the unfit to 
the highest genetic level. However, he shares Silver's concern that unequal access to 
reprogenetics could create a two-tiered society of "GenRich" and "GenPoor", genetically-
engineered "haves" and "have nots" (see the film Gattaca for a fictional depiction of the 
latter scenario).
The other contrast is that it is now known that the concept of genetic purity through 
eugenics is misguided: this form of genetic purity, insofar as it is meaningful, is 
effectively inbreeding and results in poor health and infertility while the end result of 
reprogenetics on the gene pool would be reduced incidence of genetic disease and 
potentially increased genetic IQ.
Using reprogenetics actively to prevent conflict and war
Creating a World Bank of Genotypes would be an anti-racist solidarity project which 
would contribute to prevent conflict and war. 
This bank or vault would consist of compilations of all threatened genotypes in the world 
included the Nordic genotypes, other European genotypes and Jewish Semitic etc. These 
are some of the current genotypes most threatened by extinction. It is estimated that 
within 200 years there will be no one left with the Nordic genotypes, certain African 
genotypes, certain Asian genotypes and certain other European genotypes.
Mapping and banking of the genotypes.
Genetic samples/genetic material from a variety of human genotypes, especially those 
genotypes that are in the danger zone of being extinct, may be banked in this vault.
As reprogenetics will be commercialised, these gene banks will be instrumental in the 
years to come. Anyone may order the DNA samples of their preference. 
If I were a cultural Marxist I would do everything in my power to make this happen as 
the commercialisation and encouragement of these technologies would result in a 
scenario where many nationalists will have one less argument to fight for. The same can 
be said for other “revolutionary indigenous groups” who are fighting to prevent the 
extinction of their people. The commercialisation and further development of 
reprogenetics has the potential to be one of the largest peace projects the world has ever 
seen as it may prevent many civil wars.
As such, introducing and commercialising a World Bank of Genotypes must be considered 
a solidarity project, a peace project, which goal is to prevent conflict. It gives anyone 
equal right to the banked material. Anyone can choose any preference they want out of 
the world’s genotypes. This type of project has the potential to end many conflicts once 
and for all, especially many of those related to ethnocentrism. The primary drawback 
would be that only the first world would have the financial capability of taking advantage 
of it during the first decades. 
The various indigenous movements around the world will all play they’re part here and 
national governments of the parties involved should contribute to finance and promote it.
Sources:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_eugenics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Designer_baby
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reprogenetics (positive)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evolutionary_biologist
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Sanger (negative eugenics)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Hughes_%28sociologist%29  (bioethicist)
Information to study:
List of genetics research organisations:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_genetics_research_organizations
The Human Genome Organisation (HUGO)
The Human Genome Organisation (HUGO) is an organisation involved in the Human 
Genome Project, a project about mapping the human genome. HUGO was established in 
1989 as an international organisation, primarily to foster collaboration between genome 
scientists around the world. The HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC), 
sometimes referred to as "HUGO", is one of HUGO's most active committees and aims to 
assign a unique gene name and symbol to each human gene.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_Genome_Organisation
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HUGO_Gene_Nomenclature_Committee

