# 3.94 Future economical model/public sector model/welfare program/economic zones/servant class

> 原文页码: 1195-1197

3.94 Future economical model/public sector model/welfare program/economic 
zones/servant class
As mentioned several times, the ongoing European civil war is not a class war, and as 
such it is not a war between socialism and capitalism. It is a cultural war between cultural 
conservatives and cultural Marxists (nationalism vs. internationalism). Nevertheless, we, 
the cultural conservatives must ensure that we continue to have a sustainable economy 
based on many free market mechanics. Although globalist capitalism is a destructive 
concept does not mean that localised capitalism mechanics are. There must always be 
potent incentives for individuals who create work places. A socialist or even a planned 
economy must be avoided at all costs.
Laissez-faire is often used to refer to various economic philosophies and political 
philosophies (liberalism) which seek to minimise or eliminate government intervention in 
most or all aspects of society. Pure Laissez-faire capitalism is a globalist concept (no 
government intervention) and has several drawbacks. Many economical protective 
measures must be in place securing the economical sustainability of our cultural 
conservative economic zone (European Federation).
Future cuts in public sector to balance massive in-sourcing of new private 
sector jobs
Super inflated Western European bureaucracies/public sectors should be cut from the 
current average 50-60% down to aprox 25%. There will be a buffer consisting of a pool 
of public work places equivalent to an additional 10% which can be created temporarily 
during recessions (from 25 to 35% of all jobs). These significant cuts will have a huge 
impact on many Western European public structures that currently have massive and 
super-inflated public sectors. However, millions of new work places will be in-sourced as a 
result of our future plan to implement significant toll barriers for non-European 
Federation economical zones. There will be a European anti-globalist shift of gigantic 
proportions which will result in the re-creation of former work places previously 
outsources to non-EF countries. The future Western European public sector vs. private 
sector models re-introduces the concept that a state should serve its citizens, not the 
other way around. The future state which has undergone a significant diet will be better 
suited to spearhead the focus of the furthering of civilisational goals. 
Economic solidarity/future welfare state
It is unrealistic to think that there will be complete economic equality in nations who 
have free markets.  However, we should attempt to follow the Scandinavian welfare 
model to a certain degree to ensure a solid welfare program to all European citizens. 
Maintaining a sustainable solid welfare system depends on hard working individuals and 
social cohesion/a monocultural society. Welfare expenditure should not take precedent 
over the 20% fixed sum dedicated to science/technology, research and development. The 
furthering of long term European interests and securing the long term sustainability of 
our European civilisation must always take precedent over short term excessive welfare 
expenditure (greed).
Future Economic zones
The main problem with many Asiatic countries is that they do not respect intellectual 
property ownership, thus the products of many industries are systematically stolen 
and/or illegally misused.
Furthermore, we can’t really compete with countries like China etc. Inviting them to the 
WTO was one of the biggest mistakes made the last 60 years resulting in the loss of 
millions of European jobs. 
Japan, South Korea and several other nations are also playing outside the rules by 
manipulation of their own currency to benefit on import/export issues. 
To illustrate Japans cynicism, just study the Kodak case. Kodak should have had at least 
30-40% market share in Japan. The problem is however that many European/US 
products are openly boycotted due to the nationalistic/protectionist tendencies/mentality 
of Japanese government and people. Unlike Europe and the US, Japanese individuals are 
much more imbued with patriotism and the un-interrupted social cohesion (Japan and 
South Korea rejected multiculturalism) is the reason why their “mass-democracy model” 
is still functioning well. 
We should create a new economical zone – European Federation - where: Europe, US, 
Russia (+ Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Israel) have certain privileges. Only globalist 
companies that have majority ownership of individuals/companies/nations of this trio 
should be allowed full privileges in European Federation markets. More protectionist 
mechanics are needed outside this economical zone. Outsourcing of jobs outside this 
zone should not occur. Alternatively, we could create certain isolated areas inside these 
zones that works like a hub (where 2nd/3rd worlders are allowed to work for a maximum 
of 12 months (12 month contracts). 
Several international (globalist) companies have too much influence at the moment and 
we are witnessing that they are pushing for more immigration, even Turkey EU 
membership. It is essential that we ensure that the national states have a controlling 
stake in these companies or alternatively disallow them to enjoy the current rights in our 
markets. International companies (where we do not own a majority) should be banned 
from lobbying and should not be able to have any influence whatsoever regarding 
immigration, outsourcing policies and state sovereignty.
Future servant class
It would be logical to use cheap foreign labour especially within the construction sector. 
These workers should be given 12 month “focus contracts” and must return to their 
country of origin after the term has ended. Focus contracts involve working up to 12 
hours per day. These individuals will be offered competitive wages (compared to their 
country of origin). 
One of the primary arguments for modern mass immigration is to justify the demand for 
labour, jobs the indigenous Europeans are unwilling to take. Now, who will take these 
jobs when we have halted immigration completely and deported all the Muslims?
The problem with the current model of mass immigration is that every individual, 
depending on country, is awarded citizenship within 7 years. The children of these first 
generation immigrants are not interested in the jobs the parent generation took so we 
have to accept even more immigration to fill in these gaps every two decades. It 
develops into a never ending spiral of mass immigration which eventually leads to a 
situation where the indigenous people end up as a minority. 
The following solution will provide a servant class covering the following professions:
-
Cleaning
-
Construction work
-
Gardening 
-
Taxis
-
Farming/harvesting
6-12 month “focus contracts” will be offered to individuals from Bangladesh, Pakistan and 
India (these services may be reserved for Christians, Hindus, Sikhs and Buddhists 
considering our Hostile stance towards the global Islamic Ummah). These will be flown in 
in bulk every month and will leave at the end of the contract. During their stay they will 
work 12 hours a day for the duration of their contracts (6 or 12 months) and are then 
flown back to their homelands. There should be at least a 6 month quarantine period 
between every 12 month contract to prevent the individuals from becoming too culturally 
attached. 
These individuals will live in segregated communities in pre-defined areas of each major 
city and must be provided free medical services, free housing in restricted barrack towns 
and subsidised food /essentials and subsidised transportation costs. This will allow them 
to return with a larger portion of their salary. They will be compensated at a rate 
equivalent to 300% of what they would have earned in their country of origin. 
F example, if they would have earned 200 Euro per month in Bangladesh they will earn 
600 Euro here. 
This might sound cynical to especially females (this is not slavery as slavery is taking 
away peoples freedom) but it is in fact much more generous than what currently Arab 
countries (Saudi Arabia, Dubai, UAE etc.) are offering their guest workers from 
Bangladesh, India, Pakistan and the Philippines. More than 90 per cent of the total UAE 
workforce is made up of foreigners (mainly from India, Pakistan and Bangladesh). None 
of the foreigners are granted citizenship but usually work on 12 month contracts with 
very low wages. Furthermore, these arrangements are not very different from what the 
southern states in the US are currently offering Latin American guest workers.  
Most importantly, large scale implementation of these “guest worker” arrangements will 
prove to be a very efficient source of cheap labour and these arrangements can be easily 
regulated to accommodate bull and bear markets. Because there will be recessions or 
slow periods when we will need many of these jobs for our own people while there may 
be economical booms which will involve increased use of these arrangements.  
The economical impacts of extensive usage of these “guest worker” arrangements will 
have significant impacts on the competitiveness of our civilisation, our economic zone 
and will ensure that we will have the required funds (20% of GDP) to channel into 
science, research and development (and of course to secure this scientific capital from 
theft from non-EF countries).  
It will allow us to become the economical powerhouse of the world and the beacon of 
light for all humanity. It will allow us to contribute significantly to the furtherance of 
mankind.

