# 3.95 Future Western European educational systems

> 原文页码: 1198-1198

End note: Multicultural zones with extended use of “guest workers” can also be 
considered in protectorate states outside Europe such as liberated Christian Anatolia and 
liberated Christian Albania.
3.95 Future Western European educational systems 
a. Gender-segregated schools
All primary, secondary and high schools should be gender segregated. 
All private and government, primary, secondary and high schools should have compulsory 
gender segregation. Gender segregation should also be considered for colleges and 
universities. 
Throughout history, society has gone through many phases dealing with societal norms in 
the areas of education, culture, religion and morals. Sometimes these phases are cyclical, 
which can be a good or bad thing.
The recent trend is single-sex education in public schools. After nearly a 40-year 
absence, people are starting to realise that the education system that was in place for 
the last part of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century was successful.
The bottom line is the same: Separate the girls from the boys.
There are many factors influencing success. For instance, whenever the distraction of 
boys is taken away from girls or vice versa, students no longer have to worry about how 
they dress, who they have to impress or who their friends are. Instead, they are able to 
concentrate more on academics.
Also, in single sex classrooms teachers can focus on the environment in which the 
particular gender learns better. Dr. Leonard Sax, a Maryland physician and psychologist, 
found in a study that girls tend to learn in a quiet and slower paced environment and 
liked to be called by their first names whereas boys like things energetic, fast paced and 
prefer to be called by their last names.
This is a nationwide trend re-appearing with the number of single-sex public schools 
increasing from four to 140 over the last eight years, according to Sax. And the trend 
keeps growing. CNN reported at least 10 single-sex schools were to open this fall in 
Texas, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York and South Carolina.
This trend has such a positive impact on public schools that the U.S. Department of 
Education is looking to change parts of Title IX, the law that bars sex discrimination.
According to studies done by the National Association for Single Sex Public Education, 
over the last 40 years, co-educational schools may have done more damage than good. 
To a point, these schools help reinforce gender stereotypes rather than breaking them 
down.
The single-sex school trend is seen in other countries such as Japan, England, Australia 
and Jamaica. Studies have shown the difference between co-educational schools and 
single-sex schools has been significant, mainly in the areas of standardised test scores 
and grades. The single-sex public schools are producing higher grades and test scores 
than co-educational schools.
If these schools are as successful as people perceive them to be, one must hope that 
eventually colleges will continue the trend. The single-sex education trend should not be 

