# 3.96 Alternative energy, scientific/technological evolution, overconsumption/ pollution/overpopulation,

> 原文页码: 1199-1202

mistaken for some passing fad. Separating the sexes has positive, long-term impacts 
that universities around Europe should consider.
b. School uniforms are common in primary and secondary schools in many nations. 
School uniforms in Australia have traditionally followed the model of their British 
counterparts. All private and government schools should have a compulsory uniform 
policy for primary, secondary and high school. 
School uniforms are common in United Kingdom, Australia, China, Israel, Japan, 
Malaysia, Singapore and many other countries. 
c. Focus on excellence instead of mediocrity
d. An increased degree of discipline re-introduced including the possibility to use physical 
disciplinary methods)
Source: 
1. 
http://media.www.thebatt.com/media/storage/paper657/news/2004/09/10/Opinion/Gender.Segregation.Serves.Schools.Well-
715092.shtml
3.96 Alternative energy, scientific/technological evolution, overconsumption/ 
pollution/overpopulation, 
Development of alternative energy, to reduce dependency of oil
Getting around is necessary, oil is not. Considerable efforts should be made to further 
develop high-power Lithium-Ion batteries. The goal should be to aim for oil 
independence. This will not only save the environment; it will completely devastate many 
Muslim countries economically which will weaken the ongoing Islamic imperialism.
New civilisational goal - the pursuit for scientific and technological evolution 
The never-ending collective pursuit for scientific evolution and perfection should become 
the benchmark and essence of our existence instead of glorifying individuals acquisition 
of wealth and “lookism”. There must always be incentives. We should just change what 
types of incentives we wish to glorify. This type of civilisational shift is only possible 
under a strong ”nationalistic” framework.
The following might seem like science fiction to some but I believe we should have 
ambitious and visionary goals:
We should focus on specific goals in this regard;
a. Developing a brain-computer interface (BCI) which provides a direct path of 
communication from an external device to the brain. The goal should be to create an 
alternative to educational institutions. Downloading information to the brain more 
efficiently can free up 15-30 years of an individual’s life which normally would have been 
used for studies. This might take decades to develop and hundreds of billions spent but 
imagine how it would revolutionise our world.
b. Biological perfection - reprogenetics 
The Nazis destroyed the reputation of “eugenics” by combining it to scientific racism and 
mass extermination. But seeking biological perfection is still a logical concept and I don’t 
see why we should abandon it. We just have to make sure that we offer it as a voluntary 
option to everyone or at least start by legalising it (promotional voluntary reprogenetics 
or private reprogenetics). We should legalise reproductive technologies that will allow 
parents to create off spring with biological improvement (reprogenetics). This must be a 
non-coercive form of biological improvement which will be predominantly motivated by 
individual competitiveness and the desire to create the best opportunities for children. 
Overconsumption, pollution and overpopulation
Overconsumption, pollution and overpopulation are the three problems that threaten the 
future of life on Earth. The three problems intersect and are interactive, but they are also 
separate and distinct.
The cultural conservatives guide to reduce pollution:
1.
All 2nd and 3rd world countries (where the average birth rate is above 2,1) are to implement 
1 child policies until their country is stabilised in regards to financial outlooks and 
overconsumption, saving their forests etc. This will both solve their poverty problem and 
result in drastic cuts in global pollution due to the fact that the population (consumer) 
explosion will be reversed. You cannot have any hope of reducing global pollution unless 
you focus on reducing the current population explosion in 2nd and 3rd world countries. Any 
country that does not comply will not receive any incentives (aid, development 
funding/loans, and trade import/export concessions). This approach can also be used for 
giving these countries incentives to stop them from cutting down their forests.
2.
Decrease global consummation through implementing protectionist policies. The future 
cultural conservative European Federation (Europe w/Russia, US, Canada, Australia, NZ will 
introduce significantly higher import taxes which will significantly give European producers 
the profitability they need to re-build their industries and to remain economically 
sustainable. China and certain other countries will be expelled from the WTO (a new 
reformed WTO with emphasis on the European Federation countries. Prices on non-
European goods will be considerably more expensive which will reduce demand 
significantly. Capitalistic principles within the new economic zone should still be the 
preferred economical model (local/national entrepreneurship with sufficient enough 
financial/tax incentives to ensure a thriving and healthy economy).
3.
All globalist companies will be nationalised (a minimum of 50,1% ownership must be re-
distributed to EF governments hands (combined) at any given time, for their respective 
countries). Investors with majority control who refuse this re-nationalisation process will 
have their respective corporation expelled from the European Federation monetary zone 
(losing trading concessions). Ensuring state control is the only way to avoid that globalist 
capitalist political lobby groups continue to negatively influence European policies relation 
to immigration and multiculturalism. 
4.
Phase out diesel/benzin vehicles (and thus end our dependency on Muslim oil) and focus on 
commercialising electric cars/battery cells. This will be a lot more significant problem in the 
US due to their decentralised infrastructure but much easier in Europe. Larger vehicles 
(trucks/planes/ships) will in the unforeseeable future still have to rely on 
diesel/benzin/bunker oil until we have managed to develop battery cells with sufficient 
power. The development of these battery cells will be a prioritised task. 
5.
Building a vast network of nuclear power plants. This will ensure the cleanest energy 
available when compared to invested resources.
Global population control
First of all we have to ask ourselves. What population size can our planet support? This 
can be rephrased, in ecological terms, as "What is the carrying capacity of the planet", as 
applicable to human populations, specifically. The carrying capacity is the number of 
individuals an environment can support without significant negative impacts to the given 
organism and its environment.
According to www.footprintstandards.org;
In 2005, the bio-capacity of the Earth was 13.6 Ggha, and the population was 6.5 billion; 
therefore, the sustainable per capita global footprint was 2.1 gha. But aggregate demand 
was for 17.5 Ggha, which represents a per capita demand of 2.7 gha.
In other words, in 2005 we were overdrawing the bio-resource account by about 29% per 
annum. 
Since 2005, the world population has increased to approximately 6.8 billion (2008) and 
the demand for resources from developing economies, such as China, India, Brazil, and 
Indonesia has increased substantially—in China, the Beijing Olympic Games alone must 
have generated a large increase in demand. On the supply side of the ledger, the bio-
capacity of the Planet has, if anything, been reduced as the result of ongoing land 
degradation, forest destruction, and fish stock depletion. Consequently, at a conservative 
estimate, demand now exceeds supply by something like 35–40%.
According to the UN’s most-likely, medium growth scenario (UN 2004), by 2050 the 
population of the World is projected to have increased to at least 9.1 billions, although it 
is understood this figure is likely to be revised upwards. Some would suggest the 2050 
population will be nearer 9.5–10 billions. 
Table 1 World populations in 2007 and 2050 (est., UN medium-growth-rate scenario) by 
income groups (LPR 2008). No allowance is made for redistribution of populations, such 
as low-income countries becoming middle-income countries by 2050, nor for migration of 
people from low-income countries to higher-income countries. (x million)
-
Populations 2007
Rich Countries 942
Medium-Income 3085
Low-Income 2452
World 6479 
-
Populations 2050 
Rich Countries 1025 
Medium-income 4277 
Low-Income 3765 
World 9067
Source: 2007 data CIA World Factbook 2008 from which 2050 data calculated. Note 
minor variations from UN 2006 Revision of Population Database.
Overpopulation is not a ”natural” process: It is the outcome of 2nd but especially 3rd 
world human behaviour. They caused the problem, they must solve it. Unfortunately, it is 
inherent in the collective mindset of our species that most people avoid even thinking 
about the problem, let alone acting to try to solve it. A European cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist/suicidal humanist/capitalist globalist elite created this problem 
and thus cannot solve anything. 
They created the UN articles stating:
“It is the right of every woman/couple to reproduce and have as many children as they 
want…” - this is stated in Articles 12 & 16 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Telling the second and third world to stop having babies would defy every single principle 
a cultural Marxist/multiculturalist believe in. It would involve offending and discriminating 
which is unthinkable under their mindset. They are truly paralyzed as a result. This while 
the overpopulation, hunger and human misery progresses. Only a strong, self confident, 
rationalist and cultural conservative hegemony (European Federation) can deal with and 
solve this problem. Even if the second and third world countries ignores the call of this 
”hegemony”, nature will correct their suicidal tendencies as they are unable to feed their 
populations.  
We should take a leading role in ensuring that we solve or limit this problem. We must 
therefore not be afraid to openly criticise countries that have lost control. We must offer 
them guidance and assistance in order for them to take radical steps to reduce their 
populations. Most of the challenges related to overpopulation are a direct result of the 
current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist appeasement and egalitarian approach. They 
have implemented a doctrine where they channel resources to already overpopulated 
regions in the 3rd world. By doing this they are creating even bigger challenges. 
Furthermore, they are allowing the current development to continue because we, the rich 
west, serve as a dumping ground for excessive 3rd world populations. Instead of fixing 
the broken pipe, they are acting as a soak for the water pouring out. This approach 
completely defies logic and is not sustainable. 
We should create population capacity guidelines for continents or countries. The 
guidelines should be based on a combination of the availability of resources and other 
factors in an attempt to limit overpopulation. Every country should abide by these 
guidelines. If starvation threatens the countries who have failed to follow our guidelines 
we should not support them by backing their corrupt leaders or send any form of aid. 
There is no general consensus to the carrying capacity of the planet. Our planet should 
not exceed 3 billion individuals so radical policies will have to be implemented (we are 
currently more than 6,8 billion). 
PCCTS, Knights Templar and a future European Federation must propagate a 
global population cap of 2,5 billion (1950-level)
The primary principle must be quality over quantity. Europeans will never accept an 
approach where Marxist/fanatically egalitarian principles are accepted as the global norm. 
Under Marxist reasoning and rules, rational societies would be punished for the 
irresponsible behaviour of irrational countries. Why on earth would Europeans accept a 
Syrian standard of living because the population explosion is out of control in Muslim 
countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh? All countries must take responsibility based on 
their own historic track record in relation to population growth and must commit to 

