# 3.97 Future aid policy – Africa - The foreign cultural Marxist aid establishment and the harm it inflicts on Africa

> 原文页码: 1203-1204

reducing their respective populations to a 1950 population level. Once each country 
reaches a 1950 population level, measures must be taken to stabilize the growth on that 
level which involves keeping the fertility rate at 2,1. A future European Federation must 
pressure all 2nd and 3rd world countries to pursue this goal. Food aid to 3rd world countries 
must stop immediately as it is the primary cause of overpopulation. 
Global population in millions per continent
Continent
1950
1975
2000
2010
2025
2050
Africa
227,3
418,8
819,5
1 033
1 400,2
1 998,5
Asia
1 402,9
2 379,4
3 698,3
4 166,7
4 772,5
5 231,5
Europe
547,5
676,2
726,6
732,8
729,3
691
Latin Am + Cari
167,3
323,3
521,2
588,6
669,5
729,2
N. America
171,6
242,4
318,7
351,7
397,5
448,5
Oceania
12,8
21,3
31,2
35,8
42,5
51,3
World
2 529
4 061
6 115
6 908
8 011
9 149
Source: 
UN Statistics Division, Department of Economic and Social Affairs. "World Population Prospects: The 2008 Revision".
Note: future estimates are based on a medium fertility variant of population growth.
You can read more about these very important topics here:
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overpopulation
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carrying_capacity
3. John Reid http://gpso.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/gpso-john-r-reid-paper.doc
3.97 Future aid policy – Africa - The foreign cultural Marxist aid establishment 
and the harm it inflicts on Africa
Foreign aid has harmed Africa and should be phased out. Every single donor country 
should call their client and inform them that the current aid will stop in five years. This 
should apply to the enormous amounts channelled from state to state and through the 
World Bank. This will force them to take immediate and necessary action to implement 
sustainable measures. Limitless development assistance to African governments, has 
fostered dependency, encouraged corruption and ultimately perpetuated poor governance 
and poverty.
This view has been propagated by individuals, Conservatives of Europe such as Peter 
Bauer and William Easterly for decades but I guess we had to wait for Dambisa Moyo 
before anyone listened. Similar views are held by the President of Rwanda, Paul Kagame 
and the President of Senegal; Abdoulaye Wade.
Thousands of billion USD have been channelled to Africa the last 50 years with absolutely 
no positive results for the continent. During the short period from 1970-98 alone the 
amount of poor in Africa have increased from 11 to 66%. The main problem with the aid 
is that it results in corruption and bureaucracy, to civil war and to weak political leaders. 
Aid works as a lethal injection which protects corrupt leaders, mismanagement, and 
corruption in general and flawed politics. Aid prevents the establishment of sustainable 
functioning societies. As such, the more aid a country receives the more it plunges into 
poverty and corruption.
It’s much easier for an African head of state to just call a donor country and plead for 
funds than it is for him to implement sustainable mechanics (which are often painful 
short term). And it’s a lot easier for a donor country to give these ”handouts” than it is to 
agree on implementing mechanics that might threaten their own farmers. Chinas 
approach to Africa should be considered as a great example of how Europe should act. 
China views Africa as a partner and not as a social client.
The fundamental problem with Sub-Saharan Africa is that millions of Africans in many 
nations have a broken soul. Many countries are completely soaked in corruption which is 
a result of the legacy resulting from the imperialistic nation building efforts (or rather 
nation division) combined with five decades of failed cultural Marxist aid policies. These 
policies have caused millions of deaths and has pushed even more people in to poverty. 
We must discontinue the current oppressive, racist and genocidal aid policy propagated 
by the cultural Marxists EU/US elites which has been in effect the last 50 years. We will 
stop the transfer of funds to corrupt third world leaders and instead ensure that Africans 
are given a real chance for self determination. Yes, this will involve a new fundamental 
write up and ”re-creation of many African territories which has the potential to result in 
short term African revolutions and wars. 
The first step and approach must be to protect Christian/Animist Africa from Islam and 
Jihad. Islamisation must be stopped. Africa must be divided in two – a Muslim and a non-
Muslim part (Christian and Animist). Furthermore, we must contribute to consolidate the 
Christian/Animist part by using the same principles of nation building as that of Europe 
(creating nation after ethnic/tribal lines). The old European imperialists were evil in the 
sense that they often carved up African countries dividing tribes and mixing opposing 
ethnical groups to more easily maintain control (divide and conquer). This has 
contributed to paralyzed them through an endless spiral of ethnic and religious/political 
conflicts. As such, we have a lot of work to do with Africa. We must allow the re-creation 
of certain African nations following ethnic and tribal lines (and isolating or deport the 
Muslim groups). We will then be able to establish a true fundament for African 
nationalism which again will contribute to give millions of Africans pride and hope for the 
future. We must allow certain corrupt leaders to be removed by allowing or even actively 
supporting the non-corrupt African groups militarily. Many corrupt leaders will have to be 
removed by force. This is the only rational solution to solve some of the fundamental 
problems with many current dysfunctional African nations. Short term pain is a lot better 
than condemning many African nations to eternal misery.  
Furthermore;
1.
Average IQ in sub-Sahara Africa is between 63-77 ranging from country[1].
2.
Overpopulation/carrying capacity far exceeded, thus the environment is destroyed.
3.
The massive food aid prevents African agricultural companies from growing and becoming 
sustainable. 
4.
The world's response is 10 000 NGO’s trying to "help."
What is needed is NOT another 3. (nonprofit,) but a program that recognises 1. and 
works to solve 2.

