# 3.98 Future crime prevention, EF anthem, Independence Day, imperialism

> 原文页码: 1205-1205

The road to hell is paved with good intentions. Doing nothing is preferable to doing 
something that makes you feel good, but exacerbates the problem. Doing nothing is 
hard, because we are moral creatures, but sometimes doing nothing is the correct moral 
response. Yes, it hurts, but life is tough and our morality calls for us to make the difficult 
choices.
Source:
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IQ_and_the_Wealth_of_Nations
3.98 Future crime prevention, EF anthem, Independence Day, imperialism
Future crime prevention 
Crime will not be tolerated in a future cultural conservative Europe. Military campaigns 
will be launched with full force to break and obliterate the Albanian and Rom criminal 
networks (and other large European criminal networks). Exceptions may be made to 
criminal networks who have contributed significantly to the regime changes in Western 
Europe.  A three-strike-rule should be used as a method for crime prevention directed 
against any and all criminals. Third strike leads to either execution or losing the 
citizenship followed by subsequent banishment/deportation from the European Federation 
territory.
Future European Federation anthem
The formalisation of a new and powerful cultural conservative “European Federation” 
should have a new anthem. The anthem could be a vocal variation of: Lux Aeterna by 
Clint Mansell[1], and could be made available on all European languages. The vocal 
theme of the song should underline European unity against Jihad and the Islamic 
Caliphates in the past and our struggle against Marxism.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lux_Aeterna_(Requiem_for_a_Dream)
Future Independence Day
New European cultural conservative Independence Day should be celebrated on 
September 11th or 12th marking the successful defence of Western Europe by the Holy 
League. The Battle of Vienna in 1683 should be celebrated as the Independence Day for 
all Western Europeans as it was the beginning of the end for the second Islamic wave of 
Jihads. Alternatively, it could be the day all Muslims have been successfully deported 
from Europe.
Future anti-imperialistic stance
We must continue our anti-imperialistic stance. And let’s face it; a future European 
Federation (consisting of Europe and Russia) will have all the territory/resources we will 
ever need to satisfy our future demands. We must not and should never attack another 
sovereign country. Driving out Islam from Christian lands is however not an imperialistic 
campaign. It’s a basic right, a defensive strategy designed to reverse decades of corrupt 

