# 3.156 Failed European militant organisations - Case studies

> 原文页码: 1473-1473

True Islam appeals to many Muslims. Al-Qaeda’s relatively unknown but most important 
achievement is the fact that they have made moderate Islamist organisations more 
approachable by expanded the radical political axis. This legitimised several Islamist groups 
and therefore changed the very definition of “extreme Islam”. Several Islamic political 
entities that used to seem radical now seem moderate. As such, they work in tandem with 
the so called moderate Muslim organisations. They all have the same goal, conquering 
everything non-Muslim.
Conservative Revolutionary Movement - 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservative_Revolutionary_movement
-
Ideology: Nationalism/conservatism
-
Political effect: substantial
A conservative revolutionary movement after WW1 consisting of German nationalist 
intellectuals. They contributed significantly to the rise of patriotism in Germany but most 
of the original members where eventually killed by the SS. The members consisted of all 
types of conservatives, everything from moderates to traditional fascists and even Nazis.
3.156 Failed European militant organisations - Case studies
GRAPO - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grapo
-
Ideology: Communism/Maoism
-
Political effect: minimal to none
-
Reason for failure: Flawed ideology
Democratic Army of Greece - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Army_of_Greece
-
Ideology: Communism
-
Political effect: none
-
Reason for failure: Flawed ideology
Red Army Faction - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Army_Fraction

