# 3.159 Failed coup in Turkey (2007) – Case study of the Ergenekon Network

> 原文页码: 1476-1477

3.159 Failed coup in Turkey (2007) – Case study of the Ergenekon Network
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ergenekon_network 
"The Ergenekon network" is the name given to a clandestine, Kemalist ultra-nationalist 
organisation in Turkey with ties to members of the country's military and security forces.
Its agenda has variously been described as Eurasianist, and isolationist. The defendants 
portray themselves as defenders of secularism, and national sovereignty. According to 
the indictment, the group's claim to legitimacy is that it allegedly protects national 
interests, which the defendants believe are incompatible with the rule of the Islamist 
Justice and Development Party.
Over a hundred people, including several generals, party officials, and a former secretary 
general of the National Security Council, have been detained or questioned since July 
2008.
The first person to publicly talk about the organisation was retired naval officer Erol 
Mütercimler, who said in 1997:
“It is above the General Staff, the MİT (National Intelligence Organisatio) and the Prime 
Minister. There are generals, heads of police departments, and businessmen in this 
organisation.”
Mütercimler said he heard of the original organisation's existence from retired general 
Memduh Ünlütürk, who was involved in the anti-communist Ziverbey interrogations 
following the 1971 coup. Major general Ünlütürk told Mütercimler that Ergenekon was 
originally founded with the support of the CIA and the Pentagon (probably right as it was 
an-anti Communist network established in the beginning of the cold war).
Mütercimler and others, however, draw a distinction between the Ergenekon of today and 
the original one. Today's Ergenekon is said to be a "splinter" off the old one. The person 
whose testimony contributed most to the indictment, Tuncay Güney, described Ergenekon 
as a junta related to the Turkish Resistance Organisation operating in North Cyprus. 
Another position is that while some of the suspects may be guilty of something, there is 
no organisation to which they are all party, and that the only thing they have in common 
is opposition to the AKP. In an article for Milliyet, Dündar compares Ergenekon with the 
Susurluk network, and the Counter-Guerrilla; two other Turkish clandestine groups. 
Dündar also says that Ergenekon differs from the ”Counter-Guerrilla” in that the former 
leans towards Russia, while the latter leans towards the United States. Claims of 
Ergenekon's Eurasian affinity are supported by the statements of the movement's chief 
advocate, Aleksandr Dugin, who called Ergenekon a "pro-Russian group". A noted retired 
intelligence agent, Mahir Kaynak, says that on the contrary Ergenekon is the antithesis of 
Susurluk; the former is predominantly military, while the latter was a paramilitary gang 
that was erected in opposition to the military.
When the Russian newspaper Kommersant declared Dugin to be the brains behind 
Ergenekon, Dugin responded that he had no part in illegal activities, but that he saw no 
crime in sharing their vision of Turkey's future—free from the influence of NATO and the 
United States.
Structure
According to one of the prosecutors the organisation consists of six cells with the 
following personnel:
1.
Secret and civil cells liaisons: Veli Küçük and Muzaffer Tekin.
2.
Lobbyists: M. Zekeriya Öztürk, Kemal Kerinçsiz, İsmail Yıldız, and Erkut Ersoy.
3.
NGO head: Sevgi Erenerol. Kemal Kerinçsiz (assistant).
4.
Theory, Propaganda, and Disinformation Department head: Doğu Perinçek.
5.
Mafia structuring head: Veli Küçük. Muzaffer Tekin (assistant).
6.
Underground contacts: Ali Yasak, Sami Hoştan, Semih Tufan Gülaltay, and Sedat Peker.
7.
Terrorist organisations heads: Veli Küçük and Doğu Perinçek.
8.
University structuring: Kemal Yalçın Alemdaroğlu, Emin Gürses, Habib Ümit Sayın.
9.
Research and information gathering head: Mehmet Zekeriya Öztürk.
10. Judicial branch heads: Kemal Kerinçsiz, Fuat Turgut, and Nusret Senem.
Of those, the structure of only the "Theory" department has been revealed as of 
September 2008.
It is said that the top position is held for a six month term by an active army officer. By 
selecting active officers, the group maintains connections with the military establishment.
Reason for the failure of the Ergenekon Network
It is likely to believe that the network had become too big (for clandestine activity) and 
the involved too bold. Cells lacked precautionary discipline when communicating. There 
was communication between the different cells which made it possible for individual 
informants to identify individuals from the 6 different cells. 
News agency commentary:
An investigation into an alleged plot by secularist ultranationalists to overthrow the 
Turkish government has deepened with the recent arrest of senior military officers and 
the discovery of several weapons caches. At the same time, there is growing concern that 
the probe could lead to increased tension between the government and Turkey’s powerful 
military, as well as that the investigation -- aimed at tackling long-standing anti-
democratic forces in Turkish politics -- is becoming dangerously politicised.
The investigation into the coup plot, commonly known as "Ergenekon," has already 
resulted in the arrest of some 130 people, among them retired four-star generals and 
prominent politicians, journalists and academics. According to an indictment, the plotters 
were hoping to bring down the Islamist-rooted Justice and Development Party (AKP) by 
sowing enough chaos, through terror attacks and high-level assassinations, that the 
military would be forced to intervene.

