# 3.158 The state of the Indian/Hindu resistance - Indian nationalists

> 原文页码: 1475-1475

3.158 The state of the Indian/Hindu resistance - Indian nationalists
Saffronisation is a political neologism (after the saffron robes of the Hindu clerics), used 
to refer to the policy of right-wing Hindu nationalism (or Hindutva) which seeks to make 
the Indian state into a "Hindu nation" and its Sikh, Buddhist and Jain minorities 
incorporated into Hinduism. These nationalist movements are also called Sanatana 
Dharma movements. 
A related term, the Saffron Brigade, is used as a descriptor of people and organisations in 
India that promote Hindu nationalism such as the Sangh Parivar by their critics, who 
allege a militant Hindu agenda. The Sanatana Dharma movements or Hindu nationalists 
in general are suffering from the same persecution by the Indian cultural Marxists as 
their European cousins. An example of typical Hindu nationalist ridicule: 
"Ullal by-polls results are out and the Congress has retained its ‘forte,’ thus upsetting BJP 
and JD(S) calculations. [...]The message is clear - the BJP has failed to gain the confidence 
of minorities. “Come what may. We do not want the saffron brigade or any other party 
which is supporting the saffron brigade to come to power in Ullal” - is the answer given by 
the electorate of Ullal."
The thing is, Indian government (current government United Progressive Alliance 
coalition led by Indian National Congress) is a Socialist-Leftist Liberalists. The other side 
is National Democratic Alliance led by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), a political arm to the 
RSS: these people are of Hindu right wing nationalism comprising of Hindu parties 
(including Sikh, Buddhist, and Jain sub-sects), strongly supported by Jewish and 
Zoroastrian minorities.
The UPA (incumbent government) relies on appeasing Muslims and very sadly 
proselytising Christian missionaries who illegally convert low caste Hindus with lies and 
fear alongside Communists who want total destruction of the Hindu faith and culture. 
The irony in India is that the Hindus who are living abroad (expatriate Hindus) are more 
concerned about Hindu culture than the ones in India, because from abroad, they can get 
an eagle's view of what's happening in India while Indian Hindu residents don't see it 
being in the scene.
The only positive thing about the Hindu right wing is that they dominate the streets. They 
do not tolerate the current injustice and often riot and attack Muslims when things get 
out of control, usually after the Muslims disrespect and degrade Hinduism too much. This 
behaviour is nonetheless counterproductive. Because instead of attacking the Muslims 
they should target the category A and B traitors in India and consolidate military cells 
and actively seek the overthrow of the cultural Marxist government. 
India will continue to wither and die unless the Indian nationalists consolidate properly 
and strike to win. It is essential that the European and Indian resistance movements 
learn from each other and cooperate as much as possible. Our goals are more or less 
identical.
The PCCTS, Knights Templar support the Sanatana Dharma movements and Indian 
nationalists in general.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindutva
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saffron_Brigade
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sangh_Parivar

