# 3.161 The Study of Revolutions

> 原文页码: 1480-1506

Another characteristic of 4GW is that as with 3rd Generation War the 4GW combatant’s 
forces are decentralised. With 4GW there may even be no one combatant and that 
smaller groups organise into impromptu alliances to target a bigger threat (that being 
the state armed forces or another faction). As a result these alliances are weak and if the 
state’s military leadership is smart enough they can split their enemy and cause them to 
fight amongst themselves (f example get the cultural conservatives (pro Israel) to fight 
the racial conservatives (anti-Jewish).
Fourth Generation Warfare Goals:
•
Survival
•
To convince the enemy’s political decision makers that their goals are either unachievable 
or too costly for the perceived benefit (The cost of Muslim mass immigration and continued 
efforts to undermine Western Culture (implementation of multiculturalism) will be too 
costly.
•
To eventually replace the regime after weakening it (this process will take decades)
Disaggregated forces, such as paramilitaries, militias, guerrillas lacking a center of 
gravity, deny to their enemies a focal point at which to deliver a conflict ending blow. As 
a result strategy becomes more problematic while combating a 4GW entity.
Regime/state methods against 4GW
There are few examples of the state being effective in a 4GW conflict. The only major 
example is that of the British Army in Northern Ireland after the events of Bloody 
Sunday. A notable theorist of 4GW, William Lind, believes that the reason for the British 
being successful in that conflict was that the British Army did not use heavy weapons in 
that period and that the British Government forces attempted to get to know the areas 
involved in the conflict. Also according to Lind the British did not engage in collective 
punishment and desired to keep civilian casualties to a minimum. In other words they 
won over the population by reducing the risk of damage to civilians and their property 
and by getting to know the local area.
Mao once wrote "the guerrilla must swim in the people as the fish swims in the sea." The 
public opinion is crucial. 
3.161 The Study of Revolutions
Note: this article was written by a Marxist and most of the sources/material is Marxist 
oriented and may not be relevant to the current Western European nationalist/ 
conservative revolution.  I haven’t had time to review the relevancy of these works. Many 
of them are just Marxist propaganda and should be ignored while other works/case 
studies might be useful to the pan-European Conservative Revolutionary Movement. 
Although we, the Justiciar Knights, are conservative revolutionaries I believe that the 
specific approach in where we seize power will revolve around the concept/approach of a 
coup d’état instead of a so called “mass popular revolutionary overthrow” where hordes 
of people are storming the offices of power. However, certain lessons may be learned 
from traditional revolutionary thinking and approaches. Knowing that so many Marxists 
are anti-globalists, it should be our goal to contribute to create a scenario where many 
“Internationalist Marxists” are indirectly ideologically pacified or even join our forces, by 
manipulating them into changing their mentality from “internationalist” to “National 
Bolshevik” thought. AB 
"Revolution" is a widely-used, and widely-abused, word. At its simplest, a revolution 
represents a situation where society transforms the state: when large numbers of people 
(usually) take action together in a (sometimes) successful action to change the nature of 
the state or (occasionally) do away with the state altogether. In this sense, revolutions 
(not always successful) have been an absolutely normal feature of European history over 
the last two hundred years, and of world history over the last fifty years or so. 
Revolutions are thus to a certain degree conceptually and practically distinct from military 
coups, terrorism and so on, which are not covered in this course.
The vast majority of contemporary states, including Ireland, Britain, the US, France, 
Germany, China, India, and many more, can be said to owe their existence to revolutions 
of one kind or another. Recent years have seen successful revolutions (Nationalist or 
Marxist) in Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, South Africa, the Philippines, and 
elsewhere, as well as failed attempts at revolution, most notably in China and (arguably) 
in Indonesia. Revolutionary movements continue to have an important effect on society 
and politics in many parts of the world, most obviously in Mexico, Burma and the Arab 
world. There is thus every reason to expect revolutions to continue to play a significant 
role in world affairs in the new century.
This course sets out to do two things. Firstly, it aims to look at some concrete examples 
of revolution, including some of the "great" revolutions which have transformed world 
history as well as some less well-known ones which illustrate other aspects of the 
revolutionary experience. Secondly, it uses this material and other examples to cover a 
range of questions raised by the study of revolutions: "what is a revolution?", "why do 
revolutions happen?", "what happens in revolutions?", "why do some revolutions succeed 
and others fail?", "are revolutions legitimate?", etc. The reading list includes texts related 
to both themes.
Aims of the course:
This course aims to enable you to:
•
Know more about the variety of revolutions past and present and the different processes 
involved in revolutionary situations
•
Understand more about the nature of revolution, its relationship to the social order, and the 
issues determining the outcomes of revolution
•
Think concretely about revolution and counter-revolution as skilled human activities and 
relate your own experience to that of contemporary revolutions around the globe and past 
revolutions which have shaped Irish and European society
Objectives:
By the end of this course you should be able to:
•
Give an account of the processes involved in at least one significant revolution
•
Explain coherently what revolutions are, when they happen and what kinds of social 
relationships are involved
•
Argue intelligently about the normative and practical issues involved in revolutions
•
Draw on the general sociology of revolutions to think about your own situation and desires
Reading list
The study of revolutions is inherently political, and this is very much reflected in the 
available literature. At present, the subject is rather unfashionable in academia. Hence an 
unusually high proportion of the academic books listed in this handout either date from 
earlier decades when the concept of revolution was less unfamiliar to English-speaking 
academics, or come from conference proceedings etc. I have tried as far as possible to 
include the key figures that contemporary sociologists of revolution would make 
reference to.
The people who have done most thinking about revolutions, of course, have been 
revolutionaries, and this handout draws strongly on "primary sources" - the words of 
practicing revolutionaries. Again, you will notice a certain sociology of knowledge 
reflected in the list: the "classical" revolutionaries are by now of interest to academia, 
and so remain in print, while literature by contemporary revolutionaries is of course 
currently in print. For the former, you may have to search through various collections of 
their writings to locate copies of pieces which were originally published as pamphlets or 
newspaper articles, etc.
Anything between these two extremes is routinely difficult to find, since revolutionary 
groups rarely have the money to reprint their favourite authors in readily accessible 
editions. This is partly remedied by the relatively low costs of the Internet (someone still 
has to transcribe or scan a text, and turn it into HTML format), and I have included a 
certain number of Web sites. If you are interested, you will find a good range out there!
The best single textbook for this course is
•
John Foran (ed.), Theorizing revolutions (London: Routledge, 1997). This is a collection of 
essays on the sociology of revolution, covering some of the most important theoretical 
approaches and a range of specific examples.
A good alternative is
•
Willie Thompson, The left in history. Revolution and reform in twentieth-century politics 
(London: Pluto, 1997). This is a very good overview of the history of revolutionary politics in 
the last 100 years.
I recommend you start the course by choosing either of these, or one of the books listed 
below, and reading it through slowly:
•
Kolya Abramsky (ed.), Restructuring and resistance: diverse voices of struggle in western 
Europe (2001) is an up-to-date collection of writings by contemporary activists in and 
around the "anti-globalisation movement".
•
Hannah Arendt, On revolution (London: Penguin, 1973) is a classic discussion by this well-
known political philosopher.
•
Todd Gitlin, The sixties: years of hope, days of rage. (New York: Bantam, 1993) is a classic 
history of the "revolutionary moment" of the 1960s.
•
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from prison notebooks (London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1971) 
is the classic English-language selection of this difficult but rewarding theorist: the leader of 
the Italian Communist Party, writing as a political prisoner in the face of rising fascism in 
Europe, and asking "Where did we go wrong?"
•
Karl Marx, The civil war in France. (many different editions; also available online via the 
Marxists Internet Archive) is his classic account of the Paris Commune of 1871.
•
Daniel Singer, Whose millennium? Theirs or ours? (New York: Monthly Review Press, 1999) 
is an intensely readable book by this veteran American journalist considering the issue of 
revolution at the start of the 21st century, with discussions of a wide range of different 
countries.
•
Theda Skocpol, Social revolutions in the modern world (Cambridge: Cambridge University 
Press, 1994) is a recent collection of articles by the doyenne of the study of revolutions.
•
Starhawk, Webs of power: notes from the global uprising. (Gabriola, BC: New Society, 2002; 
much of this material is available online at her own web pages) is a very readable collection 
of essays from this leading anti-globalisation campaigner.
•
Mark Steel, Reasons to be cheerful: from punk to New Labour through the eyes of a 
dedicated troublemaker (London: Simon and Schuster, 2001) is a very funny personal 
history of activism by this well-known stand-up comedian.
•
Sidney Tarrow, Power in movement: social movements and contentious politics (Cambridge: 
Cambridge UP, 1998) is a very wide-ranging discussion which places the subject of 
revolution firmly in relation to other kinds of social movements.
•
Charles Tilly, European revolutions 1492 - 1992 (Oxford: Blackwell, 1995) is an overview of 
the revolutionary history of Europe in the last half-millennium by this well-known scholar of 
social movements.
Other starting points for this course might include:
•
the Marxists Internet Archive at http://csf.colorado.edu/mirrors/marxists.org/admin/intro, 
which has a massive collection of writing from classic and more recent authors in the Marxist 
tradition;
•
the Struggle collection at struggle.ws includes a wide range of material from anarchist and 
other popular movements in Ireland and abroad;
•
my own Tools for change pages at this site, particularly the section on revolutions;
•
The counter-cultural On-line Infoshop with a wide range of relevant resources: 
http://burn.ucsd.edu/~mai/;
•
Connolly Books, East Essex St., Temple Bar, Dublin 2 is one of the better sources in Dublin 
for literature on revolutions;
•
Red Banner is currently the only non-aligned revolutionary magazine I know of in Ireland(2 
an issue);
•
The annual Alternative futures and popular protest conference in Manchester is perhaps the 
only regular academic conference which focuses on revolutions and related issues such as 
social movements and utopias. A number of photocopied papers from this conference are 
available in the library, and I hope to make some at least of the collected proceedings 
available;
•
A number of revolutionary groups of course exist in Ireland, several of which have extensive 
bookshops available at their conferences etc. Events organised by groups such as the 
Socialist Workers Party, the Socialist Party, the Workers Solidarity Movement, etc. often 
include discussion of issues relevant to the study of revolutions!
Lecture 1: Why study revolutions?
Traditionally, revolutions have been studied for three main kinds of reason. One is 
celebratory, in particular when states born out of revolution (such as Ireland) "canonise" 
past revolutionaries while simultaneously seeking to block off present movements for 
change. A second is training, when people who seek to bring about revolutionary change 
study the history of past revolutions for ideas to use in the present. A third is "keeping 
the rabble in line", when politicians and intellectuals seek to show that revolution is never 
workable or will only lead to dystopia. This lecture looks at images and uses of the 
Russian Revolution of 1917 to think about how we can tackle past revolutions.
•
Marilyn Butler, Burke, Paine, Godwin and the revolutionary controversy. Cambridge: 
Cambridge UP, 1984
•
James deFronzo, Revolutions and revolutionary movements. Boulder: Westview, 1996
•
Antonio Gramsci, "The revolution against Capital". 68 -72 in Political writings 1910 - 1920. 
London: ElecBook, 1999 [other collections may also contain this]
•
John Keep, The Russian Revolution: a study in mass mobilization. London: Weidenfeld and 
Nicolson, 1976
•
George Orwell, Animal farm. Harlow: Longman, 1996
•
John Reed, 10 days that shook the world. Strand: Sutton, 1997
•
Robert Service, The Russian Revolution, 1900 - 1927. Houndmills: Macmillan, 1999 (3rd 
edition)
•
Theda Skocpol, States and social revolutions: a comparative analysis of France, Russia and 
China. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1979
•
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution. New York: Anchor, 1980 
Lecture 2: "It'll never happen": revolutions as ordinary history
Revolutions are commonly seen as "unreal": events which happen somewhere else, or in 
the distant past, and in any case don't matter here and now. This belief is obviously of 
massive sociological importance, because it forms part and parcel of the assumption that 
the way things are is basically unchangeable - and therefore serves to strengthen the 
forces that rule society and the groups that benefit from that rule. This lecture examines 
the Zapatista uprising in Mexico as an example of a contemporary "ordinary revolution" 
which involves strong links of solidarity with ordinary Irish people.
•
Kepa Artaraz, "From liberation to revolution: the British New Left and the Cuban Revolution 
in the 1960s". In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Sixth international conference on 
Alternative futures and popular protest. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 
2000
•
Irish Mexico Group website at this address
•
Judith Hellman, "Real and virtual Chiapas: magic realism and the left." In Leo Panitch and 
Colin Leys (eds.), Socialist Register 2000
•
Justin Paulson, "Peasant struggles and international solidarity: the case of Chiapas". In Leo 
Panitch and Colin Leys (eds.), Socialist Register 2001
•
Subcomandante Marcos, "7 loose pieces of the global jigsaw puzzle". Available online at 
http://www.struggle.ws/mexico/ezln/1997/jigsaw.html
•
Luisa Ortiz-Perez, "Marcos and the EZLN guerrilla in Chiapas". In Colin Barker and Mike 
Tyldesley (eds.), Sixth international conference on Alternative futures and popular protest. 
Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 2000
•
Vincenzo Ruggiero, Movements in the city. Harlow: Pearson Education, 2001
•
Willie Thompson, The left in history. London: Verso, 1997
•
Charles Tilly, European revolutions 1492 - 1992. Oxford: Blackwell, 1995
Lecture 3: "It's all about violence": what is a revolution?
Revolutions involve a situation of "dual-power" within which the ruling class are no longer 
capable of ruling, and ordinary people are no longer willing to be ruled. Such situations 
are inherently unstable and prone to conflict, as each side attempts to establish the 
normality and legitimacy of its own vision of the world. These conflicts often involve 
violence, although it is not always on a large scale. This lecture takes the example of the 
Paris Commune of 1871.
•
Hannah Arendt, On revolution. London: Penguin, 1973
•
Michael Bakunin, The Paris Commune and the idea of the state. London: CIRA, 1971
•
Colin Barker, "Some notes on revolution in the 20th century". Journal of Area Studies 13, 
1998
•
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from prison notebooks. London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1971
•
Alastair Horne, The fall of Paris: the siege and the Commune. London: Papermac, 1997
•
VI Lenin, State and revolution. Beijing: Foreign Languages Press, 1965 [other collections 
may also contain this]
•
Ken MacLeod, The star fraction. London: Legend, 1995 (novel)
•
Theda Skocpol, Social revolutions in the modern world. Cambridge: Cambridge University 
Press, 1994
•
Sidney Tarrow, Power in movement: social movements and contentious politics. Cambridge: 
Cambridge UP, 1998
•
Charles Tilly, From mobilization to revolution. London: Addison Wesley, 1978
Lecture 4: "Things just are the way they are": how are non-revolutionary 
situations created?
Everyday life involves a situation of "hegemony" in which ordinary people take given 
power relations as "normal", see their needs as being met by the existing social 
structures and so accept the leadership of ruling groups within society. Creating this kind 
of situation is by no means easy, and this "hegemony" is constantly threatened by 
movements from below, even when they are kept within bounds. This lecture looks at 
some of the processes whereby hegemony was maintained and challenged during the 
"English Revolution" of the 17th century.
•
Carl Boggs, The two revolutions: Gramsci and the dilemmas of western Marxism. Boston: 
South End, 1984
•
Megan Davies and Keith Flett, "Forgetting and remembering: memory and political action". 
In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Sixth international conference on Alternative 
futures and popular protest. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 2000
•
Étienne de la Boétie, The politics of obedience: the discourse of voluntary servitude. 
Canada: Black Rose, 1975
•
FD Dow, Radicalism in the English Revolution, 1640 - 1660. Oxford: Blackwell, 1985
•
Allen Ginsberg, Howl and other poems. San Francisco: City Lights, 1959 (poem)
•
Antonio Gramsci, "Some aspects of the Southern question". 595 - 625 in Political writings 
1921 - 26. London: ElecBook, 1999. Available online at 
http://www.marxists.org/archive/gramsci/works/1926/10/southern_question.htm [other 
collections may also contain this]
•
Christopher Hill, The world turned upside down: radical ideas during the English revolution. 
Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1982
•
James Holstun, Ehud's dagger: class struggle in the English revolution. London: Verso, 2000
•
Karl Marx, The 18th Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, in The revolutions of 1848. 
Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1973 [other collections may also contain this]
•
Roger Simon, Gramsci's political thought: an introduction. London: Lawrence and Wishart, 
1991
•
Lawrence Stone, The causes of the English Revolution. London: Ark, 1986 (2nd edition)
Lecture 5: "It's always about leaders": who makes a revolution?
Revolutionaries do not make revolutions; ordinary people do. Although revolutionaries 
bring crucial skills to the process of popular revolutions, they cannot make them happen 
in the absence of large numbers of ordinary people who have decided "things can't go on 
like this". These are not choices that people make in isolation, however. This lecture looks 
at the failed European revolutions of 1919 - 1923 and asks why they failed.
•
Colin Barker, "Some remarks on collective action and transformation". In Colin Barker and 
Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Alternative Futures and Popular Protest III. Manchester: Manchester 
University Press
•
Giuseppe Fiori, Antonio Gramsci: life of a revolutionary. London: Verso, 1990
•
Todd Gitlin, The whole world is watching: mass media in the making and unmaking of the 
new left. Berkeley: UC Press, 1980
•
Nick Howard, "Shirkers in revolt - mass desertion, defeat and revolution in the German army 
1917 - 1920". In Colin Barker and Paul Kennedy (eds.), To make another world: studies in 
protest and collective action. Aldershot: Avebury, 1996
•
Alan Johnson, "Leadership and self-emancipation in Trotsky's History". In Colin Barker and 
Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Fifth international conference on Alternative futures and popular 
protest. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 1999
•
Rosa Luxemburg, Mass strike, party and trade unions, in Selected Political Writings. New 
York: Monthly Review, 1971 [other collections may also contain this]
•
David Mitchell, 1919: red mirage. London: Jonathan Cape, 1970
•
Philip Morgan, Italian fascism, 1919-45. Basingstoke: Macmillan, 1995
•
George Rudé, Ideology and popular protest. London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1980
•
Arthur Ryder, The German revolution, 1918 - 1919. London: Historical Association, 1959
•
Starhawk, The fifth sacred thing. London: Thorsons, 1997 (novel)
•
EP Thompson, The making of the English working class. London: Gollancz, 1963
Lecture 6: the long time-scale of revolutionaries
Revolutionaries are human beings who are dedicated to changing the way things are. 
They are also intensely creative agents who develop long-standing subcultures, 
institutions and intellectual traditions. This lecture looks at contemporary counter-cultural 
movements and their relationship to the long time-scale.
•
Hakim Bey, T.A.Z. the temporary autonomous zone: ontological anarchy, poetic terrorism. 
Brooklyn: Autonomedia, 1991. Also available online at 
http://www.t0.or.at/hakimbey/taz/taz.htm
•
Steven Brust and Emma Bull, Freedom and necessity. New York: Tom Doherty, 1997 (novel)
•
Laurence Cox, "Power, politics and everyday life: the local rationalities of social movement 
milieux." 46 - 66 in Paul Bagguley and Jeff Hearn (eds.), Transforming politics: power and 
resistance. London: BSA / Macmillan, 1999. Also available online at this address
•
Von Dirke, "All power to the imagination!" The west German counterculture from the student 
movement to the Greens. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 1997
•
Antonio Gramsci, Prison Letters. London: Pluto, 1996
•
George Katsiaficas, The subversion of politics: European autonomous movements and the 
decolonisation of everyday life. Atlantic Highlands, NJ: Humanities Press, 1997
•
Ursula le Guin, Malafrena. London: Gollancz, 1980 (novel)
•
Robert Lumley, States of emergency: cultures of revolt in Italy 1968 - 1978. London: Verso
•
George McKay, Senseless acts of beauty: cultures of resistance since the Sixties. London: 
Verso, 1996
•
Alberto Melucci, Nomads of the present. London: Hutchinson, 1989
•
Ray Mungo, Famous long ago: my life and hard times with Liberation News Service, at Total 
Loss Farm and on the Dharma Trail. New York: Citadel, 1990
•
Starhawk, Walking to Mercury. London: Thorsons, 1997 (novel)
•
Mike Waite, "Flecks, frames and carriers". In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), 
Alternative futures and popular protest III. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 
1997
Lecture 7: the short time-scale of revolutions
Revolutionary situations take place over relatively short periods of time, within which 
ordinary people mobilise (and demobilise) themselves in huge numbers. These processes 
develop the divide between the "legal country" and the "real country" to the point where 
the one is overthrown in favour of the other. This lecture takes the case of the "classic" 
French Revolution of 1789 - 1793 to look at a few of the key moments involved.
•
Jane Alpert, Growing up underground. New York: Citadel, 1990
•
Colin Barker, "Emotions and social movements: the case of Gdansk 1980". In Colin Barker 
and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Fifth international conference on Alternative futures and popular 
protest. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 1999
•
Alfred Cobban, The social interpretation of the French Revolution. 1964
•
François Furet and Mona Ozouf (eds.), A critical dictionary of the French revolution. 
Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1989
•
M Gililand, The free. London: Attack, 1990 (novel)
•
Norman Hampson, A social history of the French Revolution. London: Routledge and Kegan 
Paul, 1966
•
Eric Hobsbawm, Echoes of the Marseillaise: two centuries look back on the French 
Revolution. London: Verso, 1990
•
Henri Lefebvre, The explosion: Marxism and the French Revolution. New York: Monthly 
Review, 1969
•
China Miéville, Perdido Street Station. London: Macmillan, 2000 (novel)
•
George Rudé, The crowd in the French Revolution. Oxford: Clarendon, 1960
Lecture 8: "Nothing ever changes": the outcomes of revolutionary situations
Successful revolutions give rise to new political, and sometimes social, orders. Failed 
revolutions leave long legacies of defeat, subcultures and repression. There is therefore a 
lot at stake, and a constant temptation to "fudge it" and avoid confrontation. How do 
revolutionary situations arrive at moments of decision, and what determines their 
outcomes? This lecture looks at some specific aspects of the revolutions of 1989 in 
Eastern Europe.
•
Tamas Aczel, The revolt of the mind: a case history of intellectual resistance behind the iron 
curtain. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood, 1974
•
Timothy Garton Ash, We the people: the revolutions of '89. London: Penguin, 1999
•
Colin Barker and Colin Mooers, "Theories of revolution in the light of 1989 in Eastern 
Europe". Cultural dynamics 9.1, 1997
•
Jack Bloom, "The Bydgoszcz confrontation in Poland, 1981 as an example of a crucial 
turning point in a social movement". In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Fifth 
international conference on Alternative futures and popular protest. Manchester: Manchester 
Metropolitan University, 1999
•
Daniel Brook, "The Beijing Spring and beyond: modern revolution in China". In Colin Barker 
and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Alternative futures and popular protest II. Manchester: 
Manchester Metropolitan University, 1996
•
Gareth Dale, "The East German revolution of 1989", in Colin Barker and Paul Kennedy 
(eds.), To make another world: studies in protest and collective action. Aldershot: Avebury, 
1996
•
Misha Glenny, The rebirth of history: Eastern Europe in the age of democracy. 
Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1993 (2nd edition)
•
Vaclav Havel, Living in truth. London: Faber, 1989
•
Eric Hobsbawm, Revolutionaries. London: Abacus, 1999
•
Ursula Le Guin, The dispossessed: an ambiguous utopia. London: Gollancz, 1974 (novel)
Lecture 9: Revolution, skills and theory
Revolutions are complicated and difficult human practices, which involve effective 
communication and cooperation between a wide range of different groups while 
simultaneously manoeuvring successfully against powerful institutions. How can 
revolutionaries develop the necessary skills outside of revolutionary periods? And how 
can ordinary people learn to become effective political agents within the short time-
periods and intense pressures of revolutions? This lecture looks at the role played by 
theory within Marxist organisations and working-class revolutions.
•
Colin Barker, "Perspectives" in Revolutionary rehearsals (London: Bookmarks, 1987)
•
Marshall Berman, Adventures in Marxism. London: Verso, 1999
•
Paul Blackledge, "Understanding the defeat last time". In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley 
(eds.), Seventh international conference on Alternative futures and popular protest. 
Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 2001
•
Carl Boggs, The socialist tradition: from crisis to decline. New York: Routledge, 1995
•
Alex Callinicos, The revenge of history: Marxism and the East European revolutions. 
University Park, PA: Pennsylvania State UP, 1991
•
Virginia Coover et al, Resource manual for a living revolution. Philadelphia: New Society, 
1985
•
Laurence Cox, "Gramsci, movements and method: the politics of activist research". 
Alternative futures IV. Available online at 
http://www.iol.ie/~mazzoldi/toolsforchange/afpp/afpp4.html
•
Antonio Gramsci, The modern prince and other writings. New York: International Publishers, 
1967 [other collections may also contain this]
•
Russell Jacoby, Dialectic of defeat: the contours of western Marxism. Cambridge: Cambridge 
University Press, 1981
•
Sheila Rowbotham, Lynne Segal and Hilary Wainwright, Beyond the fragments: feminism 
and the making of socialism. London: Merlin, 1980
•
EP Thompson, The poverty of theory. London: Merlin, 1977
•
Raymond Williams, The long revolution. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1965
•
Workers Solidarity Movement, Capitalism won't fall by itself! Dublin: WSM, 1998
Lecture 10: world-revolutionary situations
The global relationships brought about by capitalism over the past half-millennium have 
produced equally globalised "moments of resistance" - arguably we are living in one right 
now (see lecture 14). These involve both local processes of resistance and imagining 
alternative worlds, and international processes of forging links and tackling global 
systems. This lecture takes the example of 1968 to examine some of the mechanisms 
involved.
•
Giovanni Arrighi, Terence Hopkins, Immanuel Wallerstein, Anti-systemic movements. 
London: Verso, 1989
•
Laurence Cox, "Structure, routine and transformation: movements from below at the end of 
the 20th century." In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Fifth international conference 
on Alternative futures and popular protest. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 
1999
•
Also available online on these pages Carole Fink, Philipp Gassert and Detlef Junker (eds.), 
1968: the world transformed. Cambridge: Cambridge UP, 1998
•
Ronald Fraser, 1968: a student generation in revolt. London: Chatto and Windus, 1988
•
Annie Gottlieb, Do you believe in magic? Bringing the Sixties back home. New York: Simon 
and Schuster, 1988
•
Chris Harman, The fire last time: 1968 and after. London: Bookmarks, 1998 (2nd edition)
•
George Katsiaficas, The imagination of the New Left: a global analysis of 1968. Boston: 
South End, 1987
•
Peter Linebaugh, The many-headed hydra: sailors, slaves, commoners and the hidden 
history of the revolutionary Atlantic. Boston: Beacon, 2000
•
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, The communist manifesto. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1967 
[other collections may also contain this]
•
George Rudé, Revolutionary Europe, 1783 - 1815. Malden: Blackwell, 2000
Lecture 11: the world we live in is created by revolutions, for good and bad
Revolutions are a normal and fundamental part of contemporary European history. More 
than this, most European states draw their claim to existence from revolutionary 
moments. This lecture examines this with particular reference to the European Resistance 
movements of the mid-1940s and the use made of them by subsequent states.
•
Ron Eyerman and Andrew Jamison, Social movements: a cognitive approach. Cambridge: 
Polity, 1991
•
Michael Foot, Resistance. London: Eyre Methuen, 1976
•
Steven Hawes (ed.), Resistance in Europe, 1939 - 1945. (1976)
•
HR Kedward, Occupied France: collaboration and resistance (1985)
•
György Lukács, History and class consciousness. London: Merlin, 1971
•
Rosa Luxemburg, "Social reform or revolution?" in Selected Political Writings. New York: 
Monthly Review, 1971 [other collections may also contain this]
•
Barrington Moore, Social origins of dictatorship and democracy: lord and peasant in the 
making of the modern world. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1967
•
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia. London: Penguin, 1971
•
Kim Robinson, Red Mars. London: HarperCollins, 1993 (novel)
•
EP Thompson, Beyond the cold war. London: END, 1982
•
Hilary Wainwright, Arguments for a new left. London: Verso, 1994
Lecture 12: "Down with capitalism": is the anti-globalisation movement 
revolutionary?
Something that looks very like a revolutionary situation is going on at the moment 
around the world, as the most powerful institutions in the world resort to violence or 
abandon their meetings in the face of mass protests against their rule. How can we 
assess the importance of this movement, and what is its meaning for social change in 
Ireland?
•
Peter Alexander, "Globalisation, inequality and labour's response". In Colin Barker and Mike 
Tyldesley (eds.), Seventh international conference on Alternative futures and popular 
protest. Manchester: Manchester Metropolitan University, 2001
•
Emma Bircham and John Charlton (eds.), Anti-capitalism: a guide to the movement. 
London: Bookmarks, 2001
•
Eugene Byrne, ThiGMOO. London: Earthlight, 1999
•
John Charlton, "Talking Seattle". International Socialism 86 (April 2000). Can be downloaded 
from this site
•
Laurence Cox, "Globalisation from below? Ordinary people, movements and intellectuals". 
Paper to 2nd William Thompson Summer School (Cork, 2001). Available online at 
http://www.iol.ie/~mazzoldi/toolsforchange/rev/firkin.html
•
Barbara Epstein, Political protest and cultural revolution: non-violent direct action in the 
1970s and 1980s. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1991
•
Naomi Klein, No logo: taking aim at the brand bullies. London: Flamingo, 2000
•
Amory Starr, Naming the enemy: anti-corporate movements confront globalisation. London: 
Zed, 2000
•
David Wood, "Resisting globalisation". In Colin Barker and Mike Tyldesley (eds.), Fifth 
international conference on Alternative futures and popular protest. Manchester: Manchester 
Metropolitan University, 1999
•
Workers' Solidarity Movement, Fighting global capitalism. Dublin: WSM, 2001. Can be 
downloaded and printed from http://www.struggle.ws/wsm/pdf/pamphlet/globalcap.html
3.162 A short introduction to agriculture and surface mining – creating the 
cover
A short introduction to small scale farming
The following short introduction is presented in order to prepare the Justiciar Knight for 
the fertiliser acquisition phase of his operation. Justiciar Knights will establish a cover and 
must therefore learn the very minimum about agricultural practices. You must learn 
enough about agriculture in order to pass any scrutiny checks the fertiliser clerk may 
present in the form of questions. You must learn to think, dress and act like a farmer and 
become confident through study of agricultural practises and your agricultural cover. 
Before you move forward with the acquisition phase you must determine several factors 
when establishing the cover.
You should rent a small isolated farm which has indoor/shed storage capabilities. It is 
optimal to place your “acquirement/storage base” in a rural area in a neighbouring 
country if possible, as fewer red flags will be raised by the store clerks towards foreign 
nationals as they will assume you will bring the goods to your country immediately. Just 
keep in mind; not all nitrogen based fertilisers are suitable as a component to a WMD – 
fertiliser bomb. 
“What type of crop will you grow, how large is your field, how much nitrogen based 
fertiliser do you need per hectare?”
You want to choose a fertiliser intensive crop for your cover which, in regards to a 
climatic context, can grow in your country. A property with 10 hectare (100 000 square 
metres), planting the crop; sugar beets, will have a fertiliser requirement of 1060-1360 
kilograms during a one rotation (100-130 days).
Common crops vs. fertiliser intensity
The overview is American so it does not necessarily reflect European crops
Crop
Euro per 
planted 
hectare
Percent of 
operating costs
Maize/corn
168
84
Sugar beets
158
40
Rice
148
43
Peanuts
131
38
Cotton
94
27
Barley
72
72
Wheat
67
78
Grain sorghum
62
50
Oats
57
74
Soyabeans
35
37
Potatoes
N/A
N/A
Source: USDA, Economic Research Service
Top agricultural products
Top agricultural 
products, by crop 
types (million 
metric tons) 2004 
data
Top agricultural products by individual crops (million metric 
tons) 2004 data
Cereals
2 263
Sugar Cane
1 324
Vegetables 
866
Maize/corn
721
Roots and Tubers
715
Wheat
627
Milk
619
Rice
605
Fruit
503
Potatoes
328
Meat
259
Sugar Beet
249
Oilcrops
133
Soybean
204
Fish (2001 est)
130
Oil Palm Fruit
162
Eggs
63
Barley
154
Pulses
60
Tomato
120
Vegetable Fiber
30
Source: Food and Agriculture Organization
Different fertilisers
There are three types of different fertiliser nutrients which prices fluctuate considerably; 
nitrogen-, phosphate- and potash-fertiliser. Obviously, you will want certain nitrogen 
fertilisers. The prices of nitrogen fertilisers depend on the gas market so considering the 
fact that gas prises are crashing at the moment (2010) due to new technologies being 
introduced in the acquirement of natural gas from below ground, prices on nitrogen 
based fertilisers are plummeting. 
Fertiliser prices
Year
Nitrogen
Euro/10 kg of 
nutrient
Phosphate
Euro/10 kg of 
nutrient
Potash
Euro/10 kg of 
nutrient
1978
0,75
0,75
0,38
1990
0,75
0,94
0,56
2002
0,75
0,94
0,64
2005
1,3
1,3
0,75
2008
2,07
3,38
1,69
1000kg of nitrogen fertiliser costs approximately 620 Euros when buying in bulk.
Price is the average for April of each year when buying in bulk. Nitrogen prices are 
average prices of nitrogen nutrient in anhydrous ammonia, nitrogen solution, and urea. 
Phosphate prices are the P2O5 prices of superphosphate. Potash prices are the K2O 
prices of muriate of potash. 
Source: USDA, Economic Research Service
Sugar Beet – essential facts
Sugar beet is a plant whose root contains a high concentration of sucrose. It is grown 
commercially for sugar production. The European Union, the United States, and Russia 
are the world's three largest sugar beet producers, although only the European Union 
and Ukraine are significant exporters of sugar from beets. Beet sugar accounts for 30% 
of the world's sugar production.
Culture
Sugar beet is a hardy biennial plant that can be grown commercially in a wide variety of 
temperate climates. During its first growing season, it produces a large (1–2 kg) storage 
root whose dry mass is 15–20% sucrose by weight. If the plant is not harvested at this 
time, then during its second growing season, nutrients in the root will be used to produce 
flowers and seeds and the root will decrease in size. In commercial beet production, the 
root is harvested after the first growing season. 
In most temperate climates, beets are planted in the spring and harvested in the 
autumn. At the northern end of its range, growing seasons as short as 100 days 
can produce commercially viable sugar beet crops. In warmer climates, such as in 
California's Imperial Valley, sugar beets are a winter crop, planted in the autumn and 
harvested in the spring.
Sugar beet is one of the most chemical-intensive crops and is a challenging crop to 
produce. Sugar beets are highly sensitive to pests, diseases, and weeds from the time of 
planting through harvest.
Beets are planted from a small seed; 1 kg of beet seed comprises 100,000 seeds and will 
plant over a hectare (10 000 square metres) of ground.
Today, mechanical sowing, herbicide application for weed control and mechanical 
harvesting have removed the reliance on numerous workers.
Harvesting is now entirely mechanical. A roto beater uses a series of blades to chop the 
leaf and crown (which is high in non-sugar impurities) from the root. The beet harvester 
lifts the root, and removes excess soil from the root in a single pass over the field. A 
modern harvester is typically able to cover six rows at the same time. The beets are 
dumped into trucks as the harvester rolls down the field and delivered to the factory. The 
conveyor then removes more soil.
If the beets are to be left for later delivery, they are formed into clamps. Straw bales are 
used to shield the beets from the weather. Provided the clamp is well built with the right 
amount of ventilation, the beets do not significantly deteriorate. Beets that freeze and 
then defrost produce complex carbohydrates that cause severe production problems in 
the factory. In the UK, loads may be hand examined at the factory gate before being 
accepted.
Crop rotation
Sugar beet is an important part of a rotating crop cycle. Crop rotation is the practice of 
growing a series of dissimilar types of crops in the same area in sequential seasons for 
various benefits such as to avoid the build up of pathogens and pests that often occurs 
when one species is continuously cropped. Crop rotation also seeks to balance the 
fertility demands of various crops to avoid excessive depletion of soil nutrients. A 
traditional component of crop rotation is the replenishment of nitrogen through the use of 
green manure in sequence with cereals and other crops. It is one component of 
polyculture. Crop rotation can also improve soil structure and fertility by alternating 
deep-rooted and shallow-rooted plants.
Method and purpose – crop rotation
Crop rotation avoids a decrease in soil fertility, as growing the same crop repeatedly in 
the same place eventually depletes the soil  of various nutrients. A crop that leaches the 
soil of one kind of nutrient is followed during the next growing season by a dissimilar 
crop that returns that nutrient to the soil or draws a different ratio of nutrients, for 
example, rice followed by cotton. By crop rotation farmers can keep their fields under 
continuous production, without the need to let them lie fallow, and reducing the need for 
artificial fertilisers, both of which can be expensive. Rotating crops adds nutrients to the 
soil, and dirt. Legumes, plants of the family Fabaceae, for instance, have nodules on their 
roots which contain nitrogen-fixing bacteria. It therefore makes good sense agriculturally 
to alternate them with cereals (family Poaceae) and other plants that require nitrates. A 
common modern crop rotation is alternating soybeans and maize (corn). In subsistence 
farming, it also makes good nutritional sense to grow beans and grain at the same time 
in different fields.
Crop rotation is a type of cultural control that is also used to control pests and diseases 
that can become established in the soil over time. The changing of crops in a sequence 
tends to decrease the population level of pests. Plants within the same taxonomic family 
tend to have similar pests and pathogens. By regularly changing the planting location, 
the pest cycles can be broken or limited. For example, root-knot nematode is a serious 
problem for some plants in warm climates and sandy soils, where it slowly builds up to 
high levels in the soil, and can severely damage plant productivity by cutting off 
circulation from the plant roots. Growing a crop that is not a host for root-knot nematode 
for one season greatly reduces the level of the nematode in the soil, thus making it 
possible to grow a susceptible crop the following season without needing soil fumigation.
It is also difficult to control weeds similar to the crop which may contaminate the final 
produce. For instance, ergot in weed grasses is difficult to separate from harvested grain. 
A different crop allows the weeds to be eliminated, breaking the ergot cycle.
This principle is of particular use in organic farming, where pest control may be achieved 
without synthetic pesticides.
A general effect of crop rotation is that there is a geographic mixing of crops, which can 
slow the spread of pests and diseases during the growing season. The different crops can 
also reduce the effects of adverse weather for the individual farmer and, by requiring 
planting and harvest at different times, allow more land to be farmed with the same 
amount of machinery and labour.
The choice and sequence of rotation crops depends on the nature of the soil, the climate, 
and precipitation which together determine the type of plants that may be cultivated. 
Other important aspects of farming such as crop marketing and economic variables must 
also be considered when choosing a crop rotation.
Processing - reception
After they are harvested, beets are hauled to a factory. In the U.K., beets are transported 
by a hauler, or by a tractor and a trailer by local farmers. Railways and boats are no 
longer used.
Each load is weighed and sampled before it gets tipped onto the reception area, typically 
a "flat pad" of concrete, where it is moved into large heaps. The beet sample is checked 
for:
•
soil tare - the amount of non beet delivered
•
crown tare - the amount of low sugar beet delivered
•
sugar content ("pol") - amount of sucrose in the crop
•
nitrogen content - for recommending future fertilizer use to the farmer
From these elements, the actual sugar content of the load is calculated and the grower's 
payment determined.
The beet is moved from the heaps into a central channel or gulley, where it is washed 
towards the processing plant.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sugarbeet
Top ten sugar beet producers – 2005 (million metric tons)
France
29
Germany
25
United States
25
Russia
22
Ukraine
16
Turkey
14
Italy
12
Poland
11
United Kingdom
8
Spain
7
World Total
242
Agricultural measurement terminology:
1 hectare is 10 000 square metres
1 hectare equals 2,47 acres, making a hectare almost 2,5 times larger than an acre
Inputs and management practices of sugar beet production, by cost group, 
2000
Item
Low-cost
farm
Mid-cost
farm
High-cost
farm
Irrigation (% of beet hectares)
26
44
49
Previous crop (% of farms)
Wheat
57
26
26
Corn
11
21
32
Soyabeans
0
*
*
Other crops
18
26
27
Seed (kg/hectare)
1,63
1,88
1,80
Fertiliser use (% of farms)
Nitrogen
95
98
97
Phosphorus
88
92
90
Potassium
49
57
54
Fertiliser application rate (kg/hectare)
Nitrogen
109
116,8
136
Phosphorus
66,2
74,1
79,8
Potassium
29,1
52,9
46
Chemical use (% of farms)
Herbicides
99
98
100
Insecticides
96
89
88
Tillage system (% of farms)
Conventional with mouldboard plow
34
49
62
Conventional with mouldboard plow
42
31
25
Reduced tillage
11
7
5
Mulch tillage
12
11
7
Soil surface covered (%)
10
9
5
Custom operations (% of farms)
Cultivation/planting
*
6
6
Fertiliser application
78
69
73
Chemical application
56
46
45
Harvest/hauling
24
33
34
Fuel use (litres/hectare)
Diesel 
117,3
178
234,7
Gasoline 
41,6
98,4
151,4
Electricity (kilowatt hours)
134,1
1080
1641
Labour use (hours/hectare)
Unpaid labour
8,2
12,8
14,8
Paid labour
6,7
11,4
20,5
Precision technology (% of farms)
GPS
26
23
23
Remote sensing
36
19
15
VRT fertiliser
8
7
7
Fertiliser management practices
Soil nitrogen test
75
73
72
Soil phosphate test
79
81
76
Plant tissue test
10
18
20
Nitrogen applications
Less than recommended
17
23
20
More than recommended
37
48
50
Equal to recommended
46
29
29
Basis for nitrogen decision
Routine practice
51
43
57
Soil/tissue test
62
64
61
Crop consultant
19
30
24
Fertiliser dealer
16
24
28
Extension services
5
7
*
Nitrogen/crop prices
*
6
10
Factory recommendation
17
22
22
Pest management practices
Scouting weeds
99
98
98
Scouting insects
91
95
91
Scouting diseases
97
96
92
Scouting records
38
34
31
Pre-emergence herbicides
Routine practice
29
37
36
Field mapping
*
6
6
Dealer recommendation
*
7
11
Consultant recommendation
6
*
5
Post-emergence herbicides
Routine practice
62
64
62
Field mapping
57
63
64
Dealer recommendation
19
29
30
Consultant recommendation
32
22
27
Reasons for insecticide applications
Preventive schedule
50
48
48
Scouting data
13
13
14
History of problem
31
30
37
Local information
10
9
10
Operator determination of infestation
96
89
88
Land use on sugar beet farms, 2000
Item
All ARMS farms
ARMS share (%)
Sugar beet farms
100
Sugar beet acres
100
Sugar beet production
100
Size (hectare)
Operated
561
Cropland
513
Harvested
478
Land tenure (% of operated hectare)
Owned
38
Cash-rent
53
Share-rent
11
Crops (% of harvested hectare)
Sugar beet
20
Wheat
26
Soyabeans
19
Corn
15
Barley/oats
2
Dry edible beans
7
Potatoes
2
Hay
2
Others
5
Source: 2000 USDA Agricultural Resource Management Survey
Average characteristics of sugar beet farms, 2000 
Note: numbers will vary considerably for European farms as many countries discourage 
similar professionalism and merging of farms compared to the Americans. There are 
considerably smaller and less profitable farms in EU countries as far as I know.
Item
All ARMS 
farms (Euro)
Farm finances (euro/farm)
Farm production value
399 524
Sugar beet production value
153 127
Net farm income
63 829
Assets
1 302 772
Debt
327 300
Farm equity
975 471
Debt-to-asset ratio (percent)
25
Income solvency group (% of farms)
Favourable (percent of farms)
55
Marginal income
17
Marginal solvency
20
Vulnerable
9
Co-op share (% of farms)
54
Operator occupation (%)
Farming as major occupation
94
Operator age (%)
Less than 50 years
61
50-64 years
33
65 years or older
6
Operator education (%)
High school or less
38
Some college
39
Completed college
23
Sugar beet production costs and returns, 2000 (Euro)
Item
All ARMS farms
Gross return
Euro per planted 
hectare
Sugar beets total gross return
1514
Operating costs
Seed
82
Fertiliser
87
Chemicals
176
Custom operations
67
Fuel, lube, and electricity
95
Repairs
77
Purchased irrigation water
10,6
Freight and dirt hauling
26,4
Miscellaneous
30,2
Hauling allowance (-)
14,3
Interest on operating capital
19,6
Hired labour
110
Total operating costs
767
Return over total operating costs
747
Ownership and other costs
Capital recovery (machinery & equipment)
265
Taxes and insurance
29,5
General farm overhead
64
Opportunity cost of land
236
Opportunity cost of unpaid labour
155
Opportunity cost of coop share
41,5
Total (economic) costs
1558
Return over total (economic) costs
-44,5
Tons per planted 
hectare
Yield
55,3
Cost of production
Euro per ton
Total operating costs
13,87
Total operating and ownership costs
19,2
Total (economic) costs
28,17
Season-average price
25,89
* = 0.1 to less than 5 percent. 
Source: 2000 USDA Agricultural Resource Management Survey 
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/sb974-8/sb974-8.pdf
Distribution of sugar beet farms by farm typology group, 2000
Small <250 000 USD (low sales) 13%
Small <250 000 USD (high sales) 27%
Small family farms, those with annual sales of $250,000 and under, accounted for 40 
percent of all sugar beet farms but contributed only 16 percent of the total sugar beet 
production.
Large >250 000: 31%
Very Large >250 000: large: 22%
Large family farms (annual sales more than $250,000) accounted for 53 percent of all 
sugar beet farms and just over three-fourths of the sugar beet production.
Others 7%
Enterprise size is an acreage measure which in this report is one of five categories: 
farms with fewer than 50 sugar beet acres, 50-149 sugar beet acres, 150-249 sugar beet 
acres, 250-499 sugar beet acres, and 500 or more sugar beet acres.
Sugar Beet Farming – How ”Sweet” is it?
Few of us know that more than half of US sugar production comes from sugar beets. 
(Most of the rest comes from sugarcane.) US sugar beet production has grown 
significantly over the past decade, tied primarily to expanded processing capacity among 
sugar beet factories. US farmers produced 33 million tons of sugar beets on 640 000 
hectares in 2000, versus 28 million tons of sugar beets on 566 000 hectares in 1990. 
Most sugar beets were processed in 26 factories near production areas to minimize 
transportation costs and deterioration of sugar content.
US sugar beets are generally grown in areas with cooler climates; however, some sugar 
beets are grown in warmer climates like the Imperial Valley of California.
US sugar beet producers incurred operating costs (inputs, hired labour, etc.) averaging 
13,87 Euro per ton of sugar beets in 2000; and total costs (including depreciation in farm 
machinery, value of land and operator labour) averaged 28,17 Euro per ton. But costs 
vary widely among farmers due to differences in yields, input use, irrigation, farm size, 
and location.
At the 2000 average market price of 25,83 Euro per ton of sugar beets, 88 percent of US 
sugar beet producers were able to cover their operating costs and 35 percent were able 
to cover their total (economic) costs. In 2000, producers had the opportunity to 
participate in the payment-in-kind (PIK) diversion program to destroy sugar beets on a 
specified number of hectares in return for a like amount of government-owned sugar. 
With the 2000 diversion program providing nearly three-quarters of producers an 
average of 82 Euro worth of sugar per planted hectare, 89 percent of producers were 
able to cover their operating costs and 43 percent were able to cover their total 
(economic) costs of sugar beet production.
Other factors you should be aware of
It is illegal for farmers to distribute fertilisers in their fields after a certain date in some 
countries. F example in Norway, it is illegal to distribute fertilisers after October 1st. 
A farmer needs at least one week without (heavy) rain before he is able to use distribute 
the fertiliser, so occasionally; he will have to ask the government for a dispensation from 
the regulation if it has rained constantly for a long period prior to the deadline. If he 
distributes the fertiliser during heavy rainfall, the result will be that the fertiliser is 
washed away with the water to the nearby rivers. 
Prices of natural gas, which is used to produce ammonia - the main input in all nitrogen 
fertilisers, is the primary factor in the pricing of nitrogen based fertiliser. Between June 
2007 and June 2008, natural gas prices increased more than 65 percent. As a result, the 
cost to produce nitrogen fertiliser increased. However, the price dropped sharply in 2009 
and continue to drop in 2010.
In 2007, 58 million tons of fertilisers were shipped to US agricultural producers by ocean 
freight, railroads, trucks, barges, and pipelines.
Common terms used in Agriculture and in the countryside 
Acre: An acre is the US unit of measure and is a square approximately 209 feet per side (=4840 sq. yds.). The amount one 
man and two oxen could plough in a day. It is gradually being replaced by the metric unit the Hectare.
Adjuvant: A substance other than water, when mixed in the spray mixture is intended to enhance the effectiveness of a 
pesticide.
Agribusiness: A progression from farming that combines agriculture and business. Large areas of land and large numbers of 
animals may be involved but with less interest in the environment and animal welfare than traditional family farms.
Agronomist: Qualified person who inspects crops and advises growers on agronomy, varieties, herbicides etc.
Air (Seed) Drill: A seed drill where air supplied by a fan is used as the medium to transport the seed from the metering unit to 
the coulters.
Ammonium nitrate: One of the main sources of artificial nitrogen fertiliser. Generally it is supplied as a prill and contains 
around one third of its weight as 'nitrogen'.
Anthrax: A serious, sometimes fatal disease of animals and humans caused by a soil borne bacteria. 
Aphids: Small insects that feed by sucking the sap from plants. They are the carriers of many viruses that affect a range of 
plants and crops.
Auger: Long tubular pieces of equipment to move grain. Augers have a spiral screw inside an outer tube which pushes the 
grain from the lower end to the top end. They are usually powered by electric motors and vary in diameter from 75mm up to 
300mm 
Bale: A compacted and bound bundle of straw, hay silage etc. May be square or round varying in size from 30 kg to 100kg.
Baler: Implement which picks up swaths of straw or hay and compresses it into a compact rectangular or cylindrical bale. When 
the desired size is reached it is automatically secured with twine or net wrapping.
Bar: SI measure of pressure composed of 1000 millibar. Equal to around 14.2 lbs/sq.inch.
Barley: A cereal crop still popular in the UK although the acreage has reduced recently. It is identified by its 'awns' which are 
covered in tiny barbs and cling to clothing. Barley is used as animal feed or by the brewing industry.
Batch drier: A machine which dries grains by passing air (possibly heated by gas or oil) through a 'batch' and when dry will 
empty and refill itself with the next batch.
Bean: Field beans are normally grown as a high protein animal feed but some are for human consumption. They are generally 
allowed to ripen and dry which permits them to be harvested by combine. 
Big Bags: Large generally polypropylene bags used for grain feed or fertiliser. Normally 500kg but some fertiliser is now in 
600kg bags. Stockfeed may be supplied in 1000kg bags.
Bindweed: A common weed with a conspicuous white flower which can have severe effects on crop yields if unchecked. It is 
generally seen growing through hedges and on roadsides.
Bio-diesel: Automotive fuel manufactured primarily from oil seed rape (Canola) blended with diesel to reduce build up of 
atmospheric CO2.
Canola: In agriculture, canola is the name given to certain varieties rapeseed (particularly in US & Canada) plants or the oil 
produced from those varieties. 
Capping: Soils cap when a fine seedbed is sown and firmed but heavy rainfall follows. This causes the soil surface to form a 
hard layer when it dries out which in turn can prevent the emergence of shoots from the sown seeds.
Caryopsis: The term used to describe the simple fruit produced by grasses, including cereals.
Catch-crop: This is a quick growing crop, opportunistically grown for livestock feed etc. If for example winter barley was 
combined in July a fodder crop could be quickly sown and eaten during the winter allowing a spring crop to be drilled normally.
Chain: A measure of length equal to 22 yards. or 20.1 metres.
Clamp: A large area with walls possibly of timber but normally concrete which is used to store Silage. The clamp is filled with 
chopped grass from a forage harvester and compacted by tractor or handler and then sealed by means of a polythene 
membrane. Most moderns clamps are roofed.
Cleavers:  (Galium aparine) A scrambling weed with 'sticky' hairy seeds and leaves. A problem weed which can smother crops 
and is generally seen in hedgerows.
CO2: Carbon dioxide. A gas linked to global warming emitted primarily by fossil fuels. Growing crops absorb CO2 and produce 
oxygen. 
Combine: Combine (Harvester) Normally a self propelled machine which cuts, thrashes and separates grain from straw which it 
leaves either swathed or chopped.
Compaction: When soil is compressed naturally or otherwise to the extent that water cannot drain away or plant roots 
penetrate. Sub soiling is carried out to alleviate this.
Compound: Compound (Fertiliser) is one which contains more than one nutrient (nitrogen potash phosphorus sulphur) as 
opposed to a 'straight'. 
Coppice: Cutting a broad leaved tree to a stump to encourage many fresh straight shoots which can be used for walking sticks, 
hurdles etc.
Couch Grass:  (Elymus repens) Very common in crops and grassland, couch reproduces by rhizomes as well as seed making it 
a constant problem.
Coulter: That part of a seed drill which actually works in the soil to place and cover the seed. They may be of the disc type or 
shoe type.
Crawler: Commonly used to describe a track laying tractor. Traditionally tracks were steel but modern tractors have rubber 
tracks.
Croft: A small (<50 acres) subsistence farm found in the highlands of Scotland. Most crofters have secondary jobs as a living 
cannot generally be made today.
Cultivation: Normally shallow tillage operations to improve, drainage, water conservation, aeration, or to control weeds.
Dessicate: To dry out. In a cropping sense, dessication usually means to apply a total herbicide to speed up the ripening and 
drying process.
Direct Drilling: Placing seed into soil which has not been cultivated by using a heavier than normal seed drill which is able to 
penetrate in hard/dry conditions. Also known as No-till drilling.
Ditch: A water channel dug to assist drainage or the mark a boundary. In this part of the world most are bordered by a hedge.
Draft: The effort required to pull an implement through the soil. Also the control on a modern tractor which keeps this load 
constant by raising or lowering the implement.
Drain: In the field sense a drain is a clay or plastic porous pipe buried at around 1 metre deep and covered with approximately 
300mm gravel to collect and remove water from farmland.
Drill (seed) : An implement used to place an exact amount of seed at a desired depth. This can be from 3kg/ha for canola to 
250kg/ha for wheat.
Dykeback: A local term used to denote the area round the outside of a field which never gets full sun or wind because of the 
hedge or wall (dyke).
Erosion: A natural process whereby rocks, soil and other deposits are worn away by the action of water, ice, or wind. 
Fallow: Land left without a crop for one or more years. A very basic way to improve the soil fertility.
Family Farm: The 'traditional' idea of farming where a relatively small farm is owned and managed over several generations by 
one family. Normally two or more generations are working simultaneously. Most are very efficient and environmentally benign.
Fertiliser: Generally accepted as 'artificial' nutrients supplied to the soil to replace soil reserves taken off in crops. The major 
nutrients are Nitrogen, Phosphorus and Potassium.
Field Capacity: The point at which soil becomes saturated and cannot hold more rainfall. If drainage is good, this should rarely 
occur but if it is poor, runoff and erosion may occur.
Forage: Leafy crops that are (intentionally) grazed by livestock.
Forage Harvester: A machine powered by a tractor or self propelled which lifts a swath of wilted grass and chops it finely 
before delivering it to a following trailer. It is ensiled in a clamp
Fungicide: A chemical (natural or synthetic )used to control or destroy fungi in growing crop. If left untreated diseases like 
mildew (Powdery) can have a devastating effect on crops. 
Fusarium: A disease which infects the plants at a very early age and may kill seedlings, or at the ripening stage where ear 
development is affected and grain quality reduced.
Glyphosate: A total translocated herbicide. Commonly used in cleaning stubbles or grassland destruction. Roundup is the best 
known trade name.
GM: Genetically Modified - plants which have their structure modified by introducing genes from another species of plant or 
animal. None are grown commercially in the UK, yet.
Grainstore: Purpose built structure designed to store grain in without risk of damage due to moisture, fungi, vermin etc. 
Temperature and humidity may be monitored and controlled.
Growth Stage: A decimal system to describe the progress of a plant through the season. GS 0 is a dry seed, GS 50 is 
flowering, GS 90 is ripening. 
Harrow: A shallow working trailed implement used to break down clods. Disc harrows may be used for primary cultivation 
whereas tined harrows are used pre or post sowing.
Harvest: Gathering a crop from the field when it is ripe.
Headland: The area of a field adjacent to a fence or hedge where machinery turns. This is normally cultivated last to avoid 
compaction in the soil.
Hectare: Measurment of area consisting of 10,000 sq. metres. Equal to roughly 2.47 acres.
Herbicide: A substance used to control weeds. May be selective or total. Glyphosate (Roundup) is a total herbicide, Cheetah S 
(Fenoxaprop-P-ethyl) will kill only wild oats in cereals and some other crops.
Humus: The final stage in the decomposition of soil organic matter. It is essential in maintaining soil structure.
IACS:  (Integrated Administrative Control System) The method used to control the amount of crops grown on farms by the EU. 
Financial penalties apply to those who do not follow the rules to the letter. It has been superseded by an even more complex 
and bureaucratic system (2005) called the SFP (Single Farm Payment).
Indian Summer: A period of unusually mild dry weather occurring in Autumn.
Insecticide: A pesticide used to control unwanted insects either in a growing crop or in grain stores and mills.
Irrigation: Supplying the water needs of growing crops by gravity or pumped systems in areas where natural precipitation is 
insufficient.
Kilogram: SI unit of weight. 1,000 kg = 1 ton. 1kg = 2.2 lb.(Pound)
Leaching: The loss of nutrients, pesticides, lime, or other elements of the soil by the action of water as it percolates through 
the soil profile.
LERAP:  (Local Environmental Risk Assessment Plan) A set of regulations which control use of certain pesticides adjacent to 
watercourses. Records must be kept when a 'Lerap' applies to any operation.
Ley: Field sown with grass for one or more years. Short term leys usually yield heavier crops than longer leys due to the grass 
varieties used. They may be noted as a three year ley, 5 year ley etc.
Lifters: Attachments for the header of a combine which assist in combining a lodged crop by easing it off the ground.
Lime: Generally ground limestone which is used to neutralize soil acidity. Essential for crop growth and application rates 
average 5000kg/ha.
Linkage (three point) : The lift system universally used on tractors to attach and lift machinery such as ploughs, cultivators, 
drills etc. consisting of two lower powered lift arms and a fixed top central link.
Lodging: The term used to describe a crop which is falling over due to bad weather, (wind/rain) disease, or an inherent varietal 
weakness. Severe lodging makes harvesting extremely difficult due to moisture being trapped in the closely packed stems and 
lack of airflow.
MAFF: Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and Food Monolithic government department that changed its name to DEFRA after the 
Foot & Mouth fiasco.
Malting: The process of taking barley, steeping it in water, germinating it and then drying it. The dried product is malt and has 
many uses in food manufacturing and alcohol production.
Manure: A mixture of bedding straw and animal dung which is lifted out of sheds and stored in heaps (middens) for a period to 
decompose before being spread on the land. Provides a useful amount of organic matter and some nutrients.
Marker: A device fitted to many soil working implements to allow the tractor driver to return down the field at an exact 
distance from the previous bout by following a groove in the soil made with a disc or tine. The mark may be followed by the 
wheel or the centre of the tractor.
Meadow Grass: An annual grass which is a pernicious weed in cereal crops.
Metering (Seed) : A seed metering unit on a seed drill controls the flow of seed in relation to ground speed so that exactly the 
correct weight/area is sown.
Mildew (Powdery) : A common disease of most plants but of significance in cereals. White fluffy pustules appear on leaf or 
stem if rubbed off a brown stain is revealed. May spread to the ear if unchecked.
MinTill: Minimum Tillage. A term used for practically all primary cultivation where the plough is not used. Depths may vary 
from 150mm to only 50mm and may use tines, discs and presses.
Monoculture: Planting the same crop in the same field year after year with no crop rotation. 
Mouldboard: That part of a plough which actually turns the soil after the share has cut the furrow bottom.
Nematicide: A pesticide used to control unwanted nematodes (eelworms), generally in root crops such as potatoes.
Net Blotch: Primarily of barley, this disease appears as small brown lesions which develop to produce a network of brown lines.
Nitrogen: Generic term used by farmers for fertilisers supplying nitrogen to plants (e.g. Ammonium nitrate)
Nitrogen fixation: The conversion of atmospheric nitrogen to plant compounds by microorganisms in soil and root nodules. 
(e.g. in legumes such as clover or peas) 
Node: The point on a plant stem where a leaf or leaves are attached. A new stem leaf or even root may grow from this point.
Non Inversion Tillage: Similar to MinTill where crop residues are mixed with the top layer of soil instead of being buried by 
ploughing.
Oat: It is thought that oats are native to Britain and can be grown on sites of low fertility. Used as horse fodder and of course 
for Scottish porridge and oat cakes.
Oilseed rape: The name used in the UK for Canola. primarily grown to produce oil for foodstuffs. GM and hybrid varieties 
produce specialist oils used in pharmaceuticals and industry.
Organic: Low output farming using rotations, clover, and very few artificial fertilisers, pesticides and antibiotics.
Organophosphates: A class of insecticide that was originally synthesized during World War II as a nerve warfare agent. 
Compulsory sheep dipping in the UK exposed many people sensitive to these compounds. Examples of OPs include chlorpyrifos 
and sarin.
Pathogen: Any micro-organism that causes a disease in plants or animals.
Pesticide: Generic term for any Plant Protection Product which may be subdivided into herbicides, fungicides and insecticides.
PH: The acidity index of the soil. Various crops perform better at optimum ph so certain crops may be suited to particular fields 
or areas. PH may be raised (more alkaline) by the application of ground limestone.
Phosphorus: An elemental nutrient required for crops. Normally applied as a phosphate.
Plough: A device which has changed little over the centuries used to turn the top layer of soil over and bury trash ready for the 
next crop.
Pollen: Fine particles containing the fertilizing element of plants (male) formed by the anthers of plants. Most allergies are 
caused by grass and tree pollens.
Potassium: An essential elemental nutrient required for crop growth, normally supplied as inorganic 'K'.
Pound: Measure of weight consisting of 16 ounces. There were 2240 pounds in a ton. 
Power harrow: A shallow working secondary cultivator with rotating tines which stir up and break the soil down to a seedbed. 
Regularly have seed drills fitted to carry out two operations with one pass.
PreEm: Pre Emergence - generally refers to herbicides which are applied to the soil before but more commonly after sowing 
but before the plant begins to appear above the soil surface. Also known as residual herbicides.
Propane: A liquefied petroleum gas (C3H8) containing more heat value than natural gas that is used for grain drying.
PTO: Power Take Off. A splined shaft at the front or rear of a tractor used to supply power to attachments such as mowers or 
power harrows. Standard speeds are 540 & 1000 rpm.
Raddle: A sticky coloured paste applied to a ram’s belly at breeding time to enable served ewes to be marked. Sometime refers 
to a harness carrying a wax block which serves the same purpose.
Rhynchosporium: A particular problem on barley large oval lesions with brown margins spread all over the surface of a leaf if 
uncontrolled.
Rigg and Furrow: Undulations in pasture especially on clay soils due to land being consistently ploughed in the same manner 
to give 5 or 7 yard 'riggs'. This assisted drainage but made travel with modern machinery more difficult.
Roller: Implement used to firm down seedbeds to give better soil/seed contact to improve germination. Also used to push 
down stones in cereals and grass to prevent damage to harvesting machinery.
Rotation: Changing crops in a field on an annual basis to maximise yield and minimise disease, soil damage etc. 
Runoff: A general term applying to water which for many reasons remains on the surface of land and flows to the lowest point 
possibly causing erosion or leaching in the process.
Rust: A fungal disease of many plant species but a problem on cereals and beans. It removes green leaf area and drains the 
plant of strength reducing yield and quality.
Rye: Now a minority crop, rye will grow on poor 'hungry' soils. Resembling barley with awns but with a much taller straw it is 
still favoured in Eastern Europe.
Seedbed: Land which has been cultivated sufficiently to provide a fine enough particle size and is firm enough to allow seeds to 
germinate quickly and evenly.
Septoria: The main disease of wheat in the UK. Septoria tritici can have devastating effects on wheat by removing green leaf 
area. It appears as grey/green striped lesions which expand and develop to eventually turn the whole leaf brown.
Set-aside: Land that is compulsorily removed from production for one or more years. Compensation is given towards the value 
of crop that could have been grown.
SFP: Single Farm Payment. The EU scheme ostensibly designed to simplify the subsidy of food production but soon became 
complex and bureaucratic.
Share (Plough) : That part of the plough which operates horizontally and cuts the furrow bottom.
Shuttle: A device on a tractor or handler which allows direction to be reversed at the flick of a lever with no requirement to use 
the clutch.
Side Knife: When combining crops such as canola where the foliage is dense and tangled, a vertical sideknife is used on the 
combine header to cut through the stems and prevent the header becoming entangled in the crop.
Sidlings: When working a field with multiple slopes, it may be necessary to traverse across the hill. The tractor and implement 
tend to slide down this slope or crab across the hill, these bouts are sidlings. 
Silage: Silage is grass which is mown wilted chopped and ensiled in a clamp where anaerobic fermentation takes place. Thus 
most of the nutrients are maintained in the silage.
Silo: A tower, generally cylindrical made of steel or concrete used to store grain or silage in an airtight atmosphere. It is filled 
from the top and emptied at the bottom.
Slag: A by-product of the iron industry, slag consists of mainly silica and lime with many trace elements. This may be used to 
improve the fertility of grassland.
Slurry: Animal dung mixed with water and urine which can be handled as a semi-liquid.
Spear (Grain) : A tubular, pointed instrument about 2 metres long which has apertures that may be opened once it has been 
pushed into a pile of grain allowing a representative sample to be taken.
Sprayer: A term used for an implement used for applying pesticides or liquid fertiliser to crops. Generally nozzles convert liquid 
under pressure to droplets
Spreader:  (Manure) spreader is an implement resembling a trailer which has powered rotors to chop and spread manure 
evenly.
Stone: Measure of weight equal to 14 lbs. 8 stone equalled one hundredweight. 
Stook: A group of 6 or 8 sheaves of corn which were stacked on end in pairs to allow the grain and straw to dry.
Straight: Straight (fertiliser) is one which contains only one nutrient e.g. nitrogen or potash as opposed to a compound which 
contains more than one.
Straw: That part of the crop that is left after thrashing the grain. It may be baled for use as stock bedding or low grade feed or 
chopped and incorporated to help improve soil structure.
Strobilurin: A recent development in fungicides using chemicals extracted from another fungus. They have a suppressive 
effect on other fungi but also assist the plant in remaining green.
Stubble: The remains of the plant stem left behind after harvesting a crop.
Subsoil: That layer of soil normally below cultivation depth but which has a great effect on the performance of the topsoil. 
Subsoiling is an operation where a deep cultivator runs through the subsoil at a depth of around 450 mm when the soil is dry to 
shatter it. 
Sugar Beet: A variety of beet (Beta vulgaris) which is specifically grown because of its high sugar content which can be 
processed to produce quality sugars.
Sulphur: A non metallic, trace element which is essential in plant growth. Atmospheric deposition has been adequate to 
replenish soil reserves until recently when fossil fuel emmissions have been 'cleaned up'. Sulphur (sulfur) must now be applied 
to crops in fertilisers.
Swath: A row of grass or straw which is laid ready for baling or similar operation.
Telescopic: Telescopic handlers are a development of the traditional forklift. They have a boom which can be raised or lowered 
within which is another section which can be extended to give greater height or reach. Most can have a variety of attachments 
fitted such as grain buckets manure forks bale grabs or pallet forks.
Thrashing Mill: Before combines most grain was separated from straw by means of permanently sited mills in farm buildings. 
The next step before combines were large mobile mills. The principles of thrashing and separation has changed little over the 
years.
Tillering: The stage a plant goes through when side shoots are developing which each may carry its own flower and ear. Each 
such shoot is a tiller.
Tilth: The quality of a seedbed. The finer the tilth the better protected the seeds are and the better the soil/seed contact for 
moisture transfer.
Tine: A rigid or sprung leg of a cultivator which carries a wearing 'point'.
Ton: A (metric) ton consists of 1000 kilograms. An imperial ton equals 1016 kg.
Top Dress: Applying fertiliser to the surface of soil (normally in a growing crop) so that rain will wash the nutrients into the 
soil.
Tramline: A method to mark a field by halting seed flow during drilling to leave blank strips in the crop which subsequent 
tractor journeys may be made. Essential for the accurate application of pesticides and fertiliser.
Weed: 'A plant growing in the wrong place.' End users have demanded fewer weed seeds in grain etc. over the years requiring 
fields to become weed free. Field margins however maintain the diversity necessary to support various 'weeds'.
Wheat: The major cereal crop grown in the UK. Wheat falls into two categories, hard, generally suitable for milling (flour) and 
soft, usually used for distilling animal feed and biscuit making. 
Wild Oat:  (Avena Fatua) A grass weed which has incredible survival traits. It can be a major problem in cereal crops where it 
reduces yield and grain quality.
Windrow: Similar to a swath. The crop is laid in rows to be dried by the wind and sun.
Yellow Rust: A disease of cereals which is generally controlled when treatments for other diseases are made. Yellow pustules 
appear on the leaf and develop between the veins to give a striped effect.
A short introduction to small scale surface mining

