# 3.160 Fourth generation warfare

> 原文页码: 1478-1479

In recent weeks, following sketches found in the homes of some of the suspects, police 
have uncovered two weapons caches buried on the outskirts of Ankara. Among the 
weapons were hand grenades, plastic explosives and ammunition.
But the case, launched in June 2007 after grenades were found in the Istanbul home of a 
retired military officer, is also creating new tensions between the AKP and the military, 
which sees itself as the ultimate guardian of Turkey’s secular tradition and which has 
forced out of power four governments in the past.
The recent arrest of three retired generals and nine active officers led to the armed 
forces chief General Ilker Basbug to call on Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for a 
surprise meeting. The military also recently released a statement warning Turkey’s media 
not to "declare people and institutions guilty without trial."
Over a hundred people, including several generals, party officials, and a former secretary 
general of the National Security Council, have been detained or questioned since July 
2008.
Two books about Coup d’états
Edward Luttwak: Coup d'État: A Practical Handbook
Samuel Finer: The Man on Horseback
Secondary sources. Terror preparation and training: Al Qaeda playbook (traning manual) 
- http://www.disastercenter.com/terror/index.htm (mask ip, use secondary network or 
use tor network etc)
3.160 Fourth generation warfare
The following article generally describes the structure of modern resistance  movements. 
Fourth generation warfare (4GW) is combat characterised by a blurring of the lines 
between war and politics, soldier and civilian, peace and conflict, battlefield and safety. 
The military doctrine was first defined in 1989 by a team of American analysts, including 
William S. Lind, used to describe warfare's return to a decentralised form. In terms of 
generational modern warfare, the fourth generation signifies the nation states' loss of 
their monopoly on combat forces, returning in a sense to the uncontrolled combat of pre-
modern times. The simplest definition includes any war in which one of the major 
participants is not a state but rather a violent ideological network. While this term is 
similar to terrorism and asymmetric warfare, it is much narrower. Classical examples, 
such as the slave uprising under Spartacus or the assassination of Julius Caesar by the 
Roman senate, predate the modern concept of warfare and are examples of the type of 
combat modern warfare sought to eliminate. As such, fourth generation warfare uses 
classical tactics, tactics deemed unacceptable by the preceding generations, to weaken 
the advantaged opponent's will to win.
Elements
Fourth Generation Warfare is defined as conflicts which involve the following elements:
•
Complex and long term (1960-2083)
•
Terrorism
•
A non-national or trans-national base (PCCTS, Knights Templar, Justiciar Knights - pan 
European)
•
A direct attack on the enemy's culture (pro Christian European culture, anti-
multiculturalism)
•
Highly sophisticated psychological warfare, especially through manipulation of the media 
(media are forced to report incidents or attacks thus will indirectly market the agenda of 
the attackers). Had there not been any terrorist style attacks the media in general would 
directly undermine or ignore these organisations (with their own agenda of trying to 
”silencing them to death”)
•
All available networks are used - political, economic, social and military
•
Occurs in low intensity conflict, involving actors from all networks
•
Non-combatants become tactical dilemmas (will always try to keep civilian casualties at a 
minimum as some of these are likely to be a part of your own broader ”base”.
The generations of warfare:
- 1st Generation: tactics of line and column; which developed in the age of the musket.
- 2nd Generation: tactics of linear fire and movement, with reliance on indirect fire.
- 3rd Generation: tactics of infiltration to bypass and collapse the enemy's combat forces 
rather than seeking to close with and destroy them; and defence in depth.
The use of fourth generation warfare can be traced to the post-World War II Cold War 
period, as superpowers and major powers attempted to retain their grip on colonies and 
captured territories. Unable to withstand direct combat against bombers, tanks, and 
machine guns, non-state entities used tactics of secrecy, terror, and confusion to 
overcome the technological and resource gap.
Fourth Generation warfare has often involved an insurgent group or non-state entity 
trying to implement their own government or re-establish an old government over the 
current ruling power. However, a fourth generation war is most successful when the non-
state entity does not attempt, at least in the short term, to impose its own rule, but tries 
simply to disorganise and de-legitimise the state in which the warfare takes place. The 
aim is to force the regime adversary to expend manpower and money in an attempt to 
establish order, ideally in such a highhanded way that it merely increases disorder, until 
the state surrenders, withdraws or becomes vulnerable to a military coup.
Characteristics of 4th Generation War
Fourth Generation War is normally characterised by a “stateless” entity fighting a state or 
regime (the EUSSR). Fighting can be physically such as Hezbollah or the Liberation Tigers 
of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to use two modern examples. In this realm the 4GW entity uses all 
three levels of Fourth Generation War. These are the physical (actual combat; it is 
considered the least important), mental (the will to fight, belief in victory, etc) and moral 
(the most important, this includes cultural norms, etc) levels. Fighting can also be 
without the physical level of war. This is via non-violent means. Examples of this could be 
Gandhi’s opposition to the British Empire or by Martin Luther King’s marches. Both 
desired their factions to deescalate the conflict while the state escalates against them, 
the objective being to target the opponent on the moral and mental levels rather than 
the physical level. The state is then seen as a bully and loses support.

