# 2.25 Is Capitalism Always a Force for Freedom?

> 原文页码: 403-404

Globalised capitalism – another reason for the Fall of Europe
"The 20th century has been characterised by three developments of great political 
importance. The growth of democracy; the growth of corporate power; and the growth of 
corporate propaganda against democracy."
Alex Carey, Australian social scientist.
2.25 Is Capitalism Always a Force for Freedom?
More companies are now giving in to Muslim pressure[1] over Geert Wilders’ Islam-
critical movie. I keep bashing Marxists in my writings, and they usually deserve it[2]. I 
honestly believe it is impossible to write anything meaningful about what ails the West 
without taking the prolonged and highly destructive influences of Marxism into account.
Yet Marxists are not powerful enough by themselves to generate all the problems we are 
now facing. You would have to be pretty blind not to see the importance of business ties 
in relations between the West and the Islamic world, certainly in the case of Europe and 
the Middle East, but also with the United States and Saudi Arabia. Money makes the 
world go around, after all. One does not have to be a Socialist to see that the short-term 
interests of Big Business are not always identical to the long-term interests of the nation 
as a whole, especially not when it comes to immigration. Multinational corporations, 
which by their very definition have loyalty towards no nation, should not be allowed to 
direct national immigration policies.
Is capitalism always a force for freedom? It is easy for “conservatives” to think so, but is 
it always true?
There are several perspectives one can use when trying to understand the European 
Union, for instance. One is that it is somehow related to the Communist utopia and the 
unaccountable, transnational bureaucracy of the Soviet Union. This does make some 
sense, but on the other hand, the EU cannot be properly understood simply as a Marxist 
organisation. It has always held the backing of Big Business interests who want easy 
access to greater markets. They do not automatically care about national sovereignty or 
borders, which are vital to the continued existence of any truly free society.
I am particularly concerned over the recent attempts by various Western corporations to 
appease Islamic demands for sharia censorship. Both regarding the Danish cartoons and 
the Wilders movie in Holland, business interests have been among the most prominent in 
denouncing these attempts to defend Western freedoms because they care only about 
their market shares and not about the wider issues.
When we also know that many companies support mass immigration because they want 
easy access to cheap labour, including Muslim immigration, this means that they 
contribute to Islamisation, at home and abroad. Can we then say that capitalism is 
always a force for freedom? I think not. As Thomas Jefferson said, “Merchants have no 
country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as 
that from which they draw their gains.”
Dutch companies have given into a Jordanian boycott by placing newspapers 
advertisements condemning the film Fitna[3]
De Volkskrant reports that Dutch companies have given into a Jordanian boycott. The 
companies Zwanenberg and Friesland Foods have placed advertisements in Jordanian 
newspapers saying they oppose the film Fitna by populist politician Geert Wilders.
Last week the group ‘The Messenger of Allah Unites Us’ brought a case against Wilders in a 
Jordanian court, accusing him of racism and incitement to hate Muslims. Wilders said he 
feared Jordan would issue an international warrant for his arrest.
The group, which had already mounted a boycott of Danish products because of the 
Muhammad cartoons, also began a boycott of Dutch companies. De Volkskrant tells us:
“On Wednesday all travel agencies in Amman received a letter asking that they not do 
business with KLM. The letter will also be distributed in other Arab countries.”
The chairman of the Messenger of Allah Unites Us, Zakaria Sheikh, says he has printed a 
million posters calling for a boycott of Dutch products. He says the only way Dutch 
companies can get themselves off the list is to take out ads in newspapers condemning the 
film.
In its advertisement, the Zwanenberg Food Group says it “rejects the opinions and 
statements” in Wilders’ film. “We strongly condemn the anti-Islam comments which we 
believe don’t have any other purpose than to insult.”
The company also expressed its “Solidarity with the campaign by The Messenger of Allah 
Unites Us in its attempts to pass international legislation banning insults to religion, 
including Islam and the Prophet Muhammad (Peace be with Him).”
From the Brussels Journal[4]:
VNO-NCW, the Federation of Dutch Employers, has ordered its lawyers to see whether it is 
possible to claim damages from Mr Wilders for the loss of income which Dutch companies 
may possibly suffer as a result of a boycott of Dutch products by Muslims who are angry at 
Mr Wilders and at the fact that the Dutch have not been able to shut him up. “Companies 
like Shell, Philips and Unilever are easy to recognise as Dutch companies,” VNO-NCW 
chairman Bernard Wientjes told the newspaper Het Financieele Dagblad. “I do not know 
how rich Geert Wilders is, or how well insured he is, but if we suffer from a boycott, we will 

