# 2.26 Big Business, a Driving Force behind Immigration

> 原文页码: 405-406

investigate whether it is possible to claim damages from him.” Last November, Doekle 
Terpstra, a member of the board of Unilever, called upon the Dutch to “rise in order to stop 
Wilders” because “Geert Wilders is evil and evil has to be stopped.”
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/is-capitalism-always-force-for-freedom.html
1. http://www.expatica.com/nl/articles/news/Zwanenberg-and-Friesland-Foods-condemn-Fitna.html
2. http://www.opendemocracy.net/article/open-borders-global-future
3. http://www.expatica.com/nl/articles/news/Zwanenberg-and-Friesland-Foods-condemn-Fitna.html
4. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3145
2.26 Big Business, a Driving Force behind Immigration
By John Laughland
In Britain, the House of Lords has reported[1] that the economic impact of immigration is 
minimal and has concluded that it ought to be capped. The report is seen as a decisive 
defeat for the government’s long-held view that immigration boosts the economy by 
increasing production. 
The Lords have found that, while the total size of the economy does rise when there is 
high net immigration, this does not mean that prosperity as such rises. Per capita GDP 
remains the same. In other words, the size of the economy rises only to the extent that 
there are more people in the country than before. The economic benefit of mass 
immigration is zero. 
The social costs, of course, are very considerable. The most significant of these is the 
impact on the cost of housing[2]. The report finds, among other things, that if the 
present rate of immigration continues, then the average property will cost 10.5 times the 
average income in 2031. Eight years ago, the ratio was 4 and now it is 6.5.
The inflation of property prices causes immense social and economic damage, although 
Britain’s numerous property owners have for years deluded themselves that they are 
getting richer because their houses go up in price so spectacularly. When property rises 
in cost, the whole economy suffers since all businesses need premises from which to 
operate. Families suffer, too, because people have fewer children if they cannot afford 
enough bedrooms to put them in.
The Lords’ report is a huge vindication for the brave campaigning of Sir Andrew Green, 
Chairman of Migration Watch[3], and someone whom I have the honour to know 
personally. Since immigration exploded when New Labour came to power, this former 
Ambassador to Saudi Arabia has managed brilliantly to put immigration on the agenda 
without ever giving off so much as the slightest hint of racism. On the contrary, his 
measured tones and careful statistics have ensured that he is listened to with great 
respect[4]. The report is nothing less than a total vindication of everything he has been 
saying for years.
Why, then, has there been such a firm lobby in favour of immigration for so long? The 
answer lies in one of the most arresting facts about modern politics – a fact which, in my 
view, even the most redoubtable experts like Andrew Green have perhaps not quite 
taken on board. I refer to the unlikely alliance between big business and the New Left.
This alliance reached its apogee under Tony Blair, who was known for his slavish 
admiration for rich people whose hospitality he so often enjoyed for free. But it extended 
throughout New Labour. Peter Hain, the onetime anti-apartheid campaigner, a man 
whose progressive credentials could hardly be more immaculate, had to resign in 
February[5] because he had accepted £100,000 from a pharmaceutical magnate, one of 
whose companies is facing prosecution for the biggest fraud ever alleged in the United 
Kingdom.
The alliance between big business and the New Left is not, however, based merely on the 
greed, opportunism and venality of politicians, or on the desire of big companies to buy 
political influence. Instead, it is based on ideology. Specifically, big business is in favour 
of immigration not only because it drives down wages – allowing profits to remain high 
without companies actually having to sell more products – but also because it is culturally 
in favour of multiculturalism.
The entire ethic of post Cold War globalisation, indeed, is profoundly anti-national. The 
multinational corporation, like Marx’s worker, “has no country”: the modern international 
corporate executive is more at home in an airport departure lounge or a Hilton hotel than 
in a village pub. He scorns any notion that the legislative framework of a state should 
give preference to the fixed inhabitants of that state, and instead tells the government 
that he will simply re-locate, like some disembodied spirit, to another part of the world if 
the tax regime is not favourable to him. To put it bluntly, multinational companies are 
vehicles of cosmopolitanism, every bit as powerful and influential as the more intellectual 
proponents of multiculturalism and the end of the nation-state.
The big corporation likes immigration because immigrants drive down wages and are 
typically not unionised. Big companies do not care if immigrants do not pay taxes, or if 
they make extra demands on schools and hospitals, because the state picks up the bill 
for that. They do not care if there is general inflation, or sector-specific inflation such as 
in property, because they have their eye on next year’s bottom line, and on their 
Christmas bonus, not on what will happen a generation hence. Big companies operate on 
the principle “privatise the profits, socialise the losses”, demanding that policies be 
pursued which increase their income because the costs are passed onto the taxpayer and 
society at large.
As Pat Buchanan argued brilliantly in The Death of the West, economic history shows that 
periods of high immigration do not coincide with periods of high economic growth. Japan 
grew spectacularly in the period 1955 – 1993 but immigration over that time was zero. 
The periods when America’s prosperity has risen are those when immigration has been 
low; the economy stalls, by contrast, when it is high.
Ever since Mrs Thatcher, the predominant ethic in British politics has been pro-business. 
The slogan is “free trade”, but that is not the same thing. Of course it was necessary in 
the early 1980s to free Britain from the excessive shackles which the trades unions 
represented; but, in domestic politics as in diplomacy, there are no permanent victories, 
especially not if political parties stop thinking, as the Tory part did long ago. So deeply 
entrenched has “free trade” now become that it is a taboo which unites the whole 
political class. Any suggestion that the activities of business should be limited or directed 
by the state is dismissed as Luddite economics, reactionary thinking worthy of a flat-
earther.

