# 2.28 What Does Muslim Immigration Cost Europe?

> 原文页码: 408-416

cent of this. The Government said this indicated a contribution of £6 billion - or £700,000 
a day- from foreign workers.
However, the committee's final report is expected to say the Government should have 
focused on the impact of immigration on GDP per head, not the economy as a whole.
David Coleman, a professor of demography at Oxford University, said in his evidence to 
the committee that the Government had excluded costs from crime, security, the race 
relations process, health "tourism" and imported ailments such as TB.
Richard Pearson, a visiting professor at the University of Sussex's Centre for Migration 
Research, said: "While migrants have clearly helped alleviate often long-standing skill 
shortages, they have also filled many low-skilled jobs, often at very low wages.
"These migrants are likely to be displacing, and reducing the incentive on employers to 
recruit and train low-skilled, indigenous workers.''
Comments:
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2008/03/29/nimm129.xml
Increased crime alone would wipe out any economic benefit. There are several thousand 
native Europeans lying in graves who would be alive today if it were not for mass 
immigration. There are tens of thousands of living ones who have suffered vicious 
immigration crime. Millions more are going to suffer in the future, because this disaster 
will not be reversed overnight.
------
Unfettered and indiscriminate immigration also creates a voter base for those in power.  
In the US, the Republicans favor immigration because of big business, yes, but the 
Democrats favor it because they want their votes.
So, the former wants it because of greed.  The latter wants it because of power.
Source:
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1583218/Migration-has-brought-zero-economic-benefit.html
2.28 What Does Muslim Immigration Cost Europe?
By Fjordman
Do gang rapes boost GDP? Was that an offensive question, you say? Well, according to 
Sweden's finance minister Pär Nuder[1], more immigrants should be allowed into Sweden 
in order to safeguard the welfare system. However, in reality estimates indicate that 
immigration costs Sweden at least 40 to 50 billion Swedish kroner every year, probably 
several hundred billions, and has greatly contributed to bringing the Swedish welfare 
state to the brink of bankruptcy[2]. An estimated cost of immigration of 225 billion 
Swedish kroner in 2004, which is not unlikely, would equal 17.5% of Sweden's tax 
income that year, a heavy burden in a country which already has some of the highest 
levels of taxation in the world. 
At the same time, the number of rape charges[3] in Sweden has quadrupled in just 
above twenty years. Rape cases involving children under the age of 15 are six times as 
common today as they were a generation ago. Resident aliens from Algeria, Libya, 
Morocco and Tunisia dominate the group of rape suspects. Lawyer Ann Christine Hjelm, 
who has investigated violent crimes in one court, found that 85 per cent of the convicted 
rapists were born on foreign soil or by foreign parents. Swedish politicians want to 
continue Muslim immigration because it boosts the economy, yet the evidence so far 
indicates that it mainly boosts the number of gang rapes. Meanwhile, research shows 
that fear of honour killings is a very real issue for many immigrant girls in Sweden. 
100.000 young Swedish girls[4] live as virtual prisoners of their own families.
An ever growing group of non-western immigrants in Norway is dependent on welfare[5]. 
This was the conclusion of a study by Tyra Ekhaugen[6] of the Frisch Centre for Economic 
Research and the University of Oslo. Ekhaugen's research contradicted the often heard 
assertion that Norway's labour market depends increasingly on immigrants. The study 
indicated quite the reverse. If the present evolution continues, immigration will 
increase[7] the pressure on the welfare state rather than relieving it because many 
immigrants do not join the tax-paying part of the population. "Non-Western immigrants" 
in Norway are recipients of social security benefits ten times[8] as frequently as native 
Norwegians. If we remember that "non-Western immigrants" include Chinese, Indians 
and other non-Muslims who are known for (and statistically proven to be) hard working, 
this speaks volumes of the heavy burden Muslims constitute on the welfare state.
Journalist Halvor Tjønn[9] from newspaper Aftenposten, one of the few genuinely critical 
journalists in the country, in June 2006 cited a report from NHO, the Confederation of 
Norwegian Enterprise. NHO stated that the current immigration policies were a serious 
threat to the country's economy. Norway is the planet's third largest exporter of oil, next 
to Saudi Arabia and Russia. Yet according to NHO, there is a risk that much of the profit 
Norway earns from oil could be spent on paying welfare for a rapidly growing immigrant 
population. The most profitable immigration would be high-skilled workers who stay for 
period of limited duration, but at the same time not too brief. A Danish think tank has 
estimated that the net cost of immigration was up to 50 billion kroner every year, and 
those were cautious estimates. Denmark could thus save huge sums by stopping 
immigration[10] from less developed countries. A study found that every other immigrant 
from the Third World -- especially from Muslim countries -- lacked the qualifications for 
even the most menial jobs[11] on the organised Danish labour market.
Professor Kjetil Storesletten at the University of Oslo said that the net contribution of 
immigrants to the economy was probably negative in Norway, too. "Admitting immigrants 
with low levels of education leads nowhere. We cannot continue the immigration policies 
we have followed until now," said Storesletten. In Norway, social benefits and salaries for 
low-skilled workers are among the highest in the world. At the same time, the salaries for 
highly skilled workers are comparatively lower and the taxes are high. This compressed 
salary structure is the result of decades of Socialist policies in Scandinavia. It leads to 
attracting people with lower skills and little education, but also makes the countries less 
attractive for researchers and scientists. Still, the agency that handles immigration to 
Norway, UDI, in 2005 thought that the country must make it more attractive for both 
skilled and unskilled workers[12] to move to Norway. "We need more immigrants," 
claimed UDI chief Trygve Nordby. "Too few dare to say that we have a large need for 
non-professional workers as well," he said. UDI, in turn, should be able to have more 
flexibility in deciding cases, and process cases more quickly and efficiently. As it turned 
out later, the bureaucrats of UDI were in fact so "flexible" that they had been running 
their own, private immigration policies, and that the agency's liberal interpretation of 
asylum rules had "stretched the boundaries" of the law. UDI violated both the law and 
political directives when it granted residency permits to nearly 200 Iraqi Kurds[13] in the 
fall of 2005. A commission that probed the controversial permits blasted the former head 
of UDI, Trygve Nordby, and his successor resigned[14]. More than half[15] of the social 
security benefits in the city of Oslo are spent of non-Western immigrants, a portion that 
has grown tremendously over the years. City council leader Erling Lae[16] warns against 
prejudice and states that without immigrants, there would be "complete chaos" in Oslo. 
Meanwhile, Norwegian newspapers are worried that online debates are "flooded with 
racist comments" about Muslims. One of the racist comments they mentioned was this 
one: "A large number of Muslims out of their own, free will choose to live in parallel 
societies where they speak their mother tongue, watch foreign TV, despise the society 
they have moved to and pick spouses from their original homelands. The only contact 
they have with the natives is in the social security office." 
"The debate is often coloured by ignorance. It is not a human right to be heard at any 
given time. It requires a certain minimum of social intelligence to be allowed to 
participate in the public debate," says Esten O. Sæther, online editor of the Leftist, pro-
Multicultural newspaper Dagbladet[17]. Sæther warns that the newspapers may have to 
impose stricter censorship on their online discussion forums and the comments to online 
articles. However, Dagbladet seems to have little understanding of why so many people 
are fed up with Muslims and their demands. Neither have they admitted that they were 
wrong in their one-sided praise of the positive effects of Muslim immigration for decades, 
nor apologised for demonising the right-wing Progress Party and its leader Carl I. Hagen 
throughout the 90s for their "racism" for questioning the real costs of this immigration.
On the contrary, although information about the costs of Muslim immigration has been 
available for several years, this was a non-issue
in Norwegian media prior to the national elections in 2005. Instead, they were focusing 
on "poverty" in Norway and the need for increased welfare spending. This in a country 
that is among the wealthiest in the world and which provides its citizens with the highest 
social security benefits in Europe. Norway's media coverage of the national elections 
revealed a desire for a Leftist government, said Election expert Aarebrot[18], a professor 
at the Institute for Comparative Politics at the University of Bergen. He argued that, with 
few exceptions, most of Norway's media leans to the left politically. "Most newspapers 
are what I would call politically correct. By politically correct in Norway today I mean 
slightly radical, urban and liberal," Aarebrot said. Nearly 70 percent of journalists vote 
Labour (Ap), Socialist Left (SV) or Red Electoral Alliance (RV) according to a poll, and this 
is reflected in the press, Aarebrot said. 
Oslo will have a non-Western majority in a few decades, if the current trends continue. 
There are now several researchers who predict that in Norway, Sweden and Denmark, 
the native population and their descendants will become a minority in their own country 
within this century. The only question is when. Since the Islamic Jihad usually enters a 
much more aggressive and physical phase once the Muslim population reaches 10 – 20% 
of the total in any given area, this does not bode well for the future of the urban regions 
in Scandinavia. Will they turn out different from similar regions in Thailand, the 
Philippines or Nigeria?
Admittedly, part of the problem lies with the Western European welfare state system 
itself[19] and cannot be blamed on the immigrants alone. Iranian Nima Sanandaji tells of 
his family's meeting with the Swedish system[20]: "In Sweden my family encountered a 
political system that seemed very strange. The interpreter told us that Sweden is a 
country where the government will put a check into your mailbox each month if you don't 
work. She explained that there was no reason to get a job." "Although my mother got 
several jobs, we concluded that this really didn't improve our family's economy. During 
the sixteen years we have been in Sweden, my mother has in total worked less than one 
year."
However, part of the problem is also due to the mentality of some of the Muslims who 
move there, yet display no loyalty to their new countries. Immigrant men who divorce 
their wives according to secular law, but stay married to them according to sharia, 
Islamic law, represent an increasing problem in the city of Odense, Denmark[21], 
according to Erik Simonsen, deputy major in charge of administration. The result is a 
large number of "single" women who receive welfare support. From other countries, it is 
known that some Muslim men to do this trick with several women at the same time. 
Some observers blamed the Muslim riots in France in 2005, accurately described by 
writer Mark Steyn as the "first welfare funded Jihad in history," on polygamy practiced by 
Muslim men, paid for by French taxpayers. But also immigrants who are financially 
independent are cheating, says Simonsen. "80 percent of the immigrant economy in 
Odense is a black market economy. That's a lot, and it cannot be tolerated, because the 
law is equal for all."
As one Muslim in Norway stated[22]: "I worked in a Pakistani shop, but all of the work 
there is 'unofficial.' Neither the boss nor I pay taxes to Norwegian authorities. In addition 
to this, I receive 100% disability benefits and welfare. I have to be cunning to make as 
much money as possible, since this is my only objective with being in Norway." 
Undoubtedly, many Muslims view welfare money from the infidels as Jizya, the poll-tax 
non-Muslims according to the Koran are supposed to pay to Muslims as tribute and a sign 
of their inferior status and submission to Islamic rule. In Britain, one member of an 
Islamic group warned an undercover reporter against getting a job because it would be 
contributing to the kuffar[23] (non-Muslim) system.
One of the reasons for the low participation in the work force among Muslims is a very 
high drop out rate from schools, especially for boys. Although Muslims themselves blame 
this on "poor integration efforts" and "marginalisation," some of them are actively 
obstructing their kids' education, lest they become too much like the infidels. Thousands 
of Muslim children with Scandinavian citizenship are sent to Koran schools in Pakistan 
and other countries, to prevent them from becoming "too Westernised." When this 
practice was documented and criticised by the Norwegian organisation Human Rights 
Service[24], Pakistanis in Norway had the galls to ask for a school for their children in 
Pakistan[25], funded by Norwegian taxpayers. They will probably get it. 
According to the Copenhagen Post, in Denmark when the country's schools open their 
doors again after the summer holidays, not every student is there to enter. Some schools 
report one in every five students missing from the schoolrooms[26]. Daily newspaper 
Berlingske Tidende reported that some children had not returned from vacation in their 
homelands with their parents. 'When students are kept away from school start, it's a big 
problem for their integration and can affect the children's educational level,' said 
Integration Minister Rikke Hvilshøj. She said a committee would discuss methods to get 
parents to send their children to school from day one. 'These are children who have 
problems beforehand following what's going on at school,' Hvilshøj said. 'Not being there 
when the school year starts won't make it any easier. We need to make parents 
understand that if their children are to get a good chance in Denmark, they need to make 
sure that they are there when school starts.' Author and journalist Rushy Rahsid said she 
had often gone on long vacations to Pakistan with her parents as a child. 'Families go on 
such long trips to give their children a healthy dose of religion, culture, traditions, and 
family,' she said. 'If you buy a very expensive ticket, you want to take full advantage of 
the trip and meet the entire family.'
Not that the problems always disappear when they actually attend school, either. Going 
to school is no child's game for many children in Copenhagen, where beatings, kicks[27], 
robberies, and threats have everyday occurrences. The perpetrators are normally their 
own age. Violence and threats pose such a big problem in high schools in Malmö, 
Sweden[28], that the local school board wants to install surveillance cameras and 
security guards in the buildings. The city's education director Matz Nilsson said unruly 
and aggressive students had become a more common sight in the high schools of Malmö, 
the home of some of Scandinavia's biggest and roughest slums.
In the spring of 2006, police were deployed at a Berlin school[29] after teachers 
complained that they could not cope with their students' aggression and disrespect. A 
teacher who recently left the school told the Tagesspiegel newspaper that ethnic Arab 
pupils[30] were bullying ethnic Turks, Germans and other nationalities. "School for 
them," said Petra Eggebrecht, former director of the Rütli school, "is simply a place to 
fight for peer recognition, where young criminals become idols." Young people are also 
easy targets for Islamist organisations. Outside the Rütli school, the children greeted 
visitors in Arabic.
When reporters went to school[31] they were pelted with paving stones by masked 
youths from the schoolyard as the district's mayor stood helplessly at the entrance of the 
building. An increasing problem in German schools is that Arab male students often 
refuse to respect the authority of women teachers. Students at the Ruetli Hauptschule 
were not shy about expressing their views to reporters. "The German (students) brown 
nose us, pay for things for us and stuff like that, so that we don't smash in their faces." 
But there are also conflicts between Arab and Turkish students, mirrored in battles 
between the city's foreign-dominated youth gangs. Integration of foreign youths in Berlin 
is often poor. Even second and third generation children frequently do not speak fluent 
German and many fail to complete school - all of which leads to a high jobless rate 
among immigrant youths. White German families are moving out of districts like 
Neukoelln.
Muslim immigration has led to a spike in organised and violent crime, too. As early as 
2002, Lars Hedegaard together with Dr. Daniel Pipes[32] wrote about how Third-world 
immigrants - most of them Muslims from countries such as Turkey, Somalia, Pakistan, 
Lebanon and Iraq - constituted less than 5 percent of the population but consumed 
upwards of 40 percent of the welfare spending. What's worse, however, is that Muslims 
were only 4 percent of Denmark's 5.4 million people but made up a majority of the 
country's convicted rapists, an especially combustible issue given that practically all the 
female victims were non-Muslim. Similar, if lesser, disproportions were found in other 
crimes.
In 2005, it was reported that 82 percent[33] of crimes in Copenhagen were committed 
by immigrants or descendants of immigrants, and the police pressed charges against 
second-generation immigrants five times as[34] frequently per capita as against ethnic 
Danes. Doormen working in the Danish capital are now often armed with guns or clubs so 
as to be able to defend themselves against violent immigrant gangs[35]. There is more 
violence than ever before and some immigrant gangs have even been known to seek out 
doormen at their private homes. Immigrant criminal gangs are much more active than 
previously believed, and their brutality has them surpassing biker crime gangs[36] like 
the Hell's Angels or Bandidos, the State Police said. A Norwegian researcher warned that 
ethnic gangs could give Norway the kind of immigrant-related organised crime[37] that 
had previously been unknown in Scandinavia. Arne Johannessen[38] from the Norwegian 
Police Organisation warned in 2003 that the cost of crime may have been doubled during 
the previous decade, in part due to immigration.
In Sweden, there has been a steep rise in all kinds of crime and violence[39] at the same 
time as an unprecedented amount of immigration to the country. Of course, Swedish 
politicians would never dream of connecting the two. However, in one of those rare cases 
where a Swedish newspaper has actually told the truth, Aftonbladet revealed that 9 out 
of the 10[40] most criminal ethnic groups in Sweden were Muslims, a trend known from 
other European countries such as France, where Muslims make up 10% of the general 
population, but maybe 70% of the prison population. The number of people under the 
age of 18 who are serving sentences in juvenile detention centres in Sweden has risen 
sharply over the last five years.
Not that Western European prisons will scare immigrant children too much. The relaxed 
regime at a prison housing some of Holland's most dangerous[41] criminals has caused 
controversy. Pictures of tattooed prisoners enjoying a "social evening" and beer 
embarrassed the authorities which are sensitive to claims abroad that they are soft on 
crime. One inmate at Esserheem serving 14 years for murder said: "We have a party 
every weekend in our own prison bar. We can enjoy wonderful snacks, ice cream, beers, 
play cards or billiards and listen to music. If the weather is warm we can play tennis." 
Another prisoner spoke of "perfect" fresh food and said: "We can buy everything in the 
prison shop including sushi and sake." In the Netherlands[42], the economic argument 
deployed by both leftwing multiculturalists and free-market conservatives - that 
immigration revives aging populations, provides new labour resources, and generates 
entrepreneurial activity – "simply does not apply." There has been no overall economic 
benefit to population change since unskilled guest workers were invited to the 
Netherlands in the early 1970s. According to Paul Scheffer, a leading critic of 
multiculturalism and professor of urban sociology at Amsterdam University, up to 60% of 
first-generation Turkish and Moroccan populations are unemployed.
Andrew Bostom, editor of The Legacy of Jihad, quotes the observations made by Dr. 
Muqtedar Khan, a much-ballyhooed Muslim moderate from the U.S., after a trip to 
Belgium[43]. Even Khan admitted the largesse of Belgium's welfare state towards its 
Muslims: "…the welfare check was normally 70 percent to 80 percent of the salary. For 
those [Muslims] who were married with children, welfare provided comfortable living and 
with low property values, even those on welfare could actually own homes." American 
expatriate writer Bruce Bawer, living in Norway, has documented in his book While 
Europe Slept how Oslo imams preach brazenly that Muslims should expect these welfare 
benefits—and feel justified in supplementing them by stealing from stores—as a form of 
jizya extracted from their infidel "host" societies. As Bostom points, out, "such attitudes, 
whatever their origins, raise this larger basic question: why does the West continue to 
validate the raw, imbalanced bigotry that denies non-Muslims any access to Mecca and 
Medina—upon pain of imprisonment, torture, and death—while Muslims demand and are 
granted the ability to settle, with generous accommodations, within Europe or America?" 
Indeed, some of the Muslims are actively involved in supporting Jihad activities, verbally 
or physically. Mullah Krekar is convicted of terrorism in Jordan[44], he has been 
suspected of links to the Madrid terrorists[45], and the CIA claims he has been ordering 
bombings[46] in Iraq. He has lived off Norwegian welfare money in Oslo for years, and 
reputedly gets a lot of free taxi rides from Muslim cab drivers who think he's a great guy. 
Norway's most controversial refugee has lodged a threat against the country[47] that has 
hosted him and his family for the past 14 years. Mullah Krekar continues to fight 
deportation back to Iraq, and calls any such order "an offense" that should be punished. 
"I defend my rights in their court just like Western people defend their rights. I am 
patient like they are patient. But if my patience runs out, I will react like Orientals do." 
Asked how "Orientals" react, Krekar said: "I don't want to comment on that." Krekar has 
also spoken positively about terrorist leader Osama bin Laden and the recently killed 
Iraqi al-Qaida leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi[48].
In Britain, the police have been investigating allegations that the four suspected London 
bombers[49] from July 2005 collected more than £500,000 in benefits payments. The 
suspects are supposed to have used multiple aliases and addresses. One, Mr Ibrahim, is 
said to have had six aliases. Some are also shown to have claimed several nationalities, 
ages and national insurance numbers while in Britain. Investigators believe that bogus 
names were used to make some benefit claims. Two are also alleged to have obtained 
asylum using bogus passports and false names and nationalities. Mr Ibrahim, alleged to 
be the Hackney bus bomber, is believed to have used two dates of birth, six aliases, two 
national insurance numbers and two addresses. Mr Osman apparently went under five 
names, variously claimed that he was Eritrean or Somali, and used four addresses in 
southwest London. Mr Omar, 24, who is linked with the attack on a Tube train near 
Warren Street, had five aliases.
The London Times[50] quoted a report that expressed fears that Britain was 
"sleepwalking its way to apartheid" due to increased ethnic segregation. The paper, which 
took into account the background of the four July 7 suicide bombers who attacked 
London, pointed to social and economic deprivation as key drivers in their conversion to 
terrorism, ignoring the numerous calls for violent Jihad in the Koran and the hadith. It 
found that the Muslim community was the most "disadvantaged" faith group in the 
country, with lower educational attainment and higher unemployment. The document 
found that the unemployment rate among Britain's 1.6m Muslims was more than three 
times that of the general population and was the highest of all faith groups. About half of 
all Muslims were economically inactive (52%). That was higher than any other religious 
group.
DP111, an articulate British commentator at such websites as Jihad Watch, Little Green 
Footballs and Fjordman blog, points out that as Muslim families are very large, a single 
wage earner will find it hard to support all. They will need to supplement this by getting 
considerable benefits from the state. Thus at a minimum, "some 80% of the Muslim 
population" subsists on welfare benefits: "A considerable amount of this money to 
Muslims from the British taxpayer, finds its way to finance the Jihad. The same scenario 
must hold in all European states that have a considerable Muslim population." "We are in 
the ridiculous position of sheltering and feeding a population that is hell bent on 
destroying us. Islam's people, from the very outset, were nothing but a collective to gain 
plunder and loot at the expense of other people's work. In the past, it was conducted by 
war, conquest and then pillage. Now it is conducted by immigration (invasion), begging or 
crime. Meanwhile Muslim nations are given huge loans (aid), which we and they know 
will never be repaid. Thus, from a purely economic point of view, Islam seems to be a 
collective of people who live by the ethos of "beg, borrow or steal." So why do we, the 
capitalist countries, who do not believe in offering anyone a free lunch, subsidise the 
most lazy yet aggressive bunch of people on God's planet, who are bent on subverting 
our democratic system? The nub is, how has it come about, that the natural progression 
of the most advanced civilisation on earth is towards stupidity?"
He also points out that the cost of Muslim immigration is much higher than just welfare. 
"One really needs to factor the loss of confidence in the markets, loss of new investment 
because of a fear of flying or the disenchantment with intrusive security. Then there is 
the increased cost of insurance on all businesses." All this affects the competitivess of 
business with nations that do not have a significant Islamic presence, such as Japan, 
Korea and Taiwan. We may be talking of million dollars or more per Muslim individual per 
year. "And to top it all, we give them huge amounts of aid, welfare benefits on a grand 
scale, while we live in fear, and our freedoms compromised."
Former Muslim Ali Sina[51] claims that even in the USA, which has a smaller Muslim 
population and less social security benefits than Western Europe, Muslims are a huge 
drain on the economy: "Because about 2 million Muslims live in America and among them 
there are some who are terrorists, Americans are forced to expend hundreds of billions of 
dollars on homeland security. I have no idea how much is the actual cost. Let us be 
conservative and say it costs only $200 billion dollars per year. In reality it could be many 
times more. Does anyone have any idea? With just $200 billion dollars, every Muslim, 
including their children cost the taxpayers $100,000 dollars per year. This is the real 
"contribution" of Muslims to America Mr. President. Once you add the cost of the real 
damage caused in terrorist attacks, such as to planes, buildings, etc. this cost will be 
much higher. And here we are only talking about monetary cost. Can anyone calculate 
the cost that the families of the victims of terrorism pay? What is true in America is true 
in anywhere governments are forced to expend money to increase the security."
Bat Ye'or in her book Eurabia - The Euro-Arab Axis describes how we are in the middle of 
a total transformation of Europe, which is the result of an intentional policy. In an 
interview with Israeli newspaper Haaretz[52], Bat Ye'or fears that Europe will become 
more and more Islamised until it becomes "a political satellite of the Arab and Muslim 
world." "The European leaders have decided on an alliance with the Arab world, through 
which they have committed to accept the Arab and Muslim approach toward the United 
States and Israel. This is not only with respect to foreign policy, but also on issues 
engaging European society from within, such as immigration, the integration of the 
immigrants and the idea that Islam is part of Europe." 
Former French PM Charles de Gaulle, disappointed by the loss of the French colonies in 
Africa and the Middle East, as well as with France's waning influence in the international 
arena, in the 1960's decided to create a strategic alliance with the Arab and Muslim world 
to compete with the dominance of the United States and the Soviet Union. This alliance 
became the position of the European Community (pre-European Union) during the course 
of the 1970s, when an extensive European-Arab dialogue developed. However, this 
alliance, in the context of which Europe allowed the immigration of millions of Muslims to 
its territories and adopted an anti-Israeli and anti-American policy, will ultimately 
"transform Europe into a continent under the thumb of the Arab and Muslim world."
As Bat Ye'or points out, most of the workings of Eurabia are hidden from the public view, 
but sometimes we can catch glimpses of it if we know what to look for. Italian Leftist PM 
Romano Prodi, President of the European Commission, the Politburo of the EUSSR, from 
1999 to 2004, wants more cooperation with Arab countries. He talks about a free trade 
zone with the Arab world, but this implies the four freedoms of the EU, which includes 
the free movement of people. This is made clear in a document from 2003[53]. This fact, 
and the implications of it, is virtually never mentioned in European media. During the 
Sixth Euro-Med Ministerial Conference in Brussels, 2003, it is stated that this initiative 
offers the EU's neighbouring partners "gradual integration into the expanded European 
internal market and the possibility of ultimately reaching the EU's four fundamental 
freedoms: free movement of goods, services, capital and people." Ministers were also 
expected to back the Commission's proposal to set up a Euro-Mediterranean Foundation 
for the Dialogue of Cultures, a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly and a 
reinforced European Investment Bank (EIB).
In June 2006, after his Leftist coalition government signalised that they would be much 
more lenient with Muslim immigration to Italy, Romano Prodi announced that "It's time to 
look south and relaunch a new policy of cooperation[54] for the Mediterranean." He was 
thinking of the Euro-Mediterranean partnership, launched in 1994 in Barcelona. Prodi said 
he had raised the issue with Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak, and Libyan leader 
Muammar Gaddafi. The prime minister then explained that the Barcelona Process – which 
includes the creation of a free trade zone by 2010 - was no longer sufficient and a new 
different approach was needed. "The countries on the southern shores of the 
Mediterranean expect that from us" he added.
Muslim immigration is costing enormous sums and creating havoc across Western 
Europe, and EU leaders are working to give Muslims easier access to Europe – because 
Arabs expect this from them. Thank you for pointing this out, Mr. Prodi. And thank you 
for removing all doubts whether the European Union needs to be dismantled[55], and its 
treacherous and corrupt political elites removed from power.
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/011958.php
1. http://www.thelocal.se/article.php?ID=1456
2. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Fjordman60527.htm
3. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/immigrant-rape-wave-in-sweden.html
4. http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/nyheter/story/utskrift/0,3258,845794,00.html
5. http://www.frisch.uio.no/sammendrag/473_eng.html
6. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/227
7. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/article1108140.ece
8. http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/innenriks/3946310.html
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/politikk/article1348280.ece
10. http://dansk-svensk.blogspot.com/2005/12/velfrdskommisionen-foreslr.html
11. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/88766.html
12. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1084368.ece
13. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1324807.ece
14. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1333005.ece
15. http://oslopuls.no/nyheter/article1354613.ece
16. http://oslopuls.no/nyheter/article1354614.ece
17. http://www.dagbladet.no/magasinet/2006/06/15/468983.html
18. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1096647.ece
19. http://www.samfunnsforskning.no/page/Publications/English_Publications_articles/7982/22736-8089.html
20. http://www.tcsdaily.com/article.aspx?id=0614055
21. http://www.jp.dk/login?url=indland/artikel:aid=3595936
22. http://www.aftenposten.no/meninger/kronikker/article985370.ece
23. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007569.php
24. http://www.rights.no/hrs_publ_gen/ute_av_syne/hrs_75.60_031128_101.htm
25. http://www.vg.no/pub/vgart.hbs?artid=230718
26. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/89881.html
27. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/91985.html
28. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/88579.html
29. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4865288.stm
30. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2089-2157935,00.html
31. http://www.expatica.com/source/site_article.asp?
subchannel_id=26&story_id=28932&name=Police+brought+in+as+teachers+lose+control+at+Berlin+school
http://59.911.10.738subf36:EMlpoga918318646547НЖ
32. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/450
33. http://www.berlingske.dk/grid/kronikker:aid=624134
34. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/91517.html
35. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/06/denmark-doormen-arm-themselves-against.html
36. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/91388.html
37. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article856476.ece
38. http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2001/07/18/269835.html
39. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/09/sweden-steep-rise-in-crime.html
40. http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/0003/13/dokument.html
41. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml;jsessionid=E0BETDS1VH3GLQFIQMFCM5OAVCBQYJVC?
xml=/news/2005/09/14/wpris14.xml&pos=news_puff2&_requestid=40969
42. http://www.guardian.co.uk/religion/Story/0,2763,1485433,00.html
43. http://www.andrewbostom.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=97&Itemid=27
44. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article811077.ece
45. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article754830.ece
46. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2004/01/18/wirq18.xml&sSheet=/news/2004/01/18/ixnewstop.html
47. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1109447.ece
48. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1362852.ece
49. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1723196,00.html
50. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2087-1785953_1,00.html
51. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/ali-sina-muslims-pooh-pooh-golden-rule.html
52. http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/728863.html
53. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/conf/naples/index.htm
54. http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level_English.php?cat=Politics&loid=8.0.311746780&par=0
55. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html

