# 2.54 Europe’s Decline – Hurrah! We Capitulate!

> 原文页码: 585-585

Europe today
“We can evade reality, but we cannot evade the consequences of evading reality.”
Ayn Rand
“The root of Europe's problems is the lack of cultural self-confidence (nationalism). Most 
people are still terrified of nationalistic political doctrines thinking that if we ever embrace 
these principles again, new “Hitler’s” will suddenly pop up and initiate global armageddon. 
Needless to say; the growing numbers of nationalists in Europe are systematically being 
ridiculed, silenced and persecuted by the current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
political establishments.  
This irrational fear of nationalistic doctrines is preventing us from stopping our own 
national/cultural suicide as the hordes of Islam is increasing annually.“
2.54 Europe’s Decline – Hurrah! We Capitulate!
By Fjordman
This story is extremely serious. The European Union is now about to do what senior 
officials have already agreed upon years ago in meetings with Muslim nations, as 
documented by Bat Ye'or in her book about Eurabia[1]: To officially recognise sharia 
law[2] in European countries:
A quote from the Gates of Vienna blog, 16 September 2008[3]
Muslims living in EU countries will in the future be able to divorce according to sharia law. 
This is the belief of the EU Commission, which recommends that a couple be able to choose 
which country's law they will follow if they divorce — as long as they have some kind of 
connection to the country they choose. Because of Danish opt-out provisions, the EU 
regulation will not have a direct impact on Denmark. But Danish People's Party EU 
spokesman Morten Messerschmidt is still greatly concerned about the proposal: "It's a 
completely lamebrain idea, the possibility that the Commission will use inhumane sharia 
laws in the EU," he says to MetroXpress.
 
A quote from Serge Trifkovic at the Chronicles Magazine blog, 16 September 2008[4]
British papers are reporting that shari'a law has been officially adopted in Britain[5], with 
shari'a courts given powers to rule on Muslim civil cases, notably including wife beating. 
Gordon Brown's Labour government "has quietly sanctioned the powers for sharia judges to 
rule on cases ranging from divorce and financial disputes to those involving domestic 
violence." Particularly alarming is the fact that Islamic rulings are now enforceable with the 
full power of the judicial system, through the county courts or High Court. […]
 

