# 2.55 Jihad Destroys the Swedish Model

> 原文页码: 586-590

Contrary to the Christian concept of governmental legitimacy (Romans 13:1), Islam 
condemns as rebellion against Allah's supremacy the submission to any other form of law 
(Kuran, 5:50). Muslims believe that Shari'a should be used as a standard test of validity of 
all positive laws. Christ recognised the realm of human government as legitimate when he 
said, "Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that 
are God's" (Matthew 22:21). In Islam there is no such distinction between church and 
state. Shari'a is not at all a "religious law" but a blend of political theory and penal law that 
relies for the punishment of violators on the sword of the state. To be legitimate, all 
political and legal power must rest with those who obey Allah's authority and his revealed 
will sent down through his prophet (Kuran 5:59). Shari'a applies to all humankind just as 
Kuran applies to all creation. Any law that is inconsistent with it is null and void, not only to 
the Muslims, but to all humanity. Jews, Christians, and pagans are subject to Shari'a, too, 
and from Muhammad's standpoint they cannot invoke the judgments and moral principles 
of prior revelations (4:60). Resort to any other source of authority is not only unjustified, it 
is satanic. The non-Muslims are to be judged by the laws of Islam in everything, "whether 
they like it or not, whether they come to us or not."Shari'a stands above reason, 
conscience, or nature. Its lack of any pretense to moral basis is explicit: there is no "spirit 
of the law" in Islam, no discernment of the consequences of deeds. The revelation and 
tradition must not be questioned or any other standard of judgment – least of all any 
notion of "natural" justice inherent to men as such – can be invoked, let alone applied 
(5:45).
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3525
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3522
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/09/will-eu-recognize-sharia-divorce.html
4. http://www.chroniclesmagazine.org/?p=731
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3522
2.55 Jihad Destroys the Swedish Model
By Fjordman
I decided to write this essay following the riots in Malmö[1] this weekend. Malmö is 
Sweden's third largest city and by far the worst city in Scandinavia when it comes to 
Muslim aggression. I read recently that an Arab girl interviewed in Malmö[2] said that 
she liked it so much there, it felt almost like an Arab city. Native Swedes have been 
moving away from the city for years, turned into refugees in their own country by Jihad, 
not too different from the non-Muslims in some regions of the Philippines, southern 
Thailand or Kashmir in India, or for that matter Christian Serbs in Kosovo. 
Sweden was presented during the Cold War as a middle way between capitalism and 
Communism. When this model of a society collapses -- and it will collapse, under the 
combined forces of Islamic Jihad, the European Union, multiculturalism and ideological 
overstretch -- it is thus not just the Swedish state that will collapse but the symbol of 
Sweden, the showcase of an entire ideological world view. I wrote two years ago[3] that 
if the trend isn't stopped, the Swedish nation will simply cease to exist in any meaningful 
way during the first half of this century. The country that gave us Bergman, ABBA and 
Volvo could become known as the Bosnia of northern Europe, and the "Swedish model" 
will be one of warning against ideological madness, not one of admiration. I still fear I 
was right in that assessment.
Jonathan Friedman[4], an American living outside Malmö, mentions that the so-called 
Integration Act of 1997 proclaimed that "Sweden is a Multicultural society." Notes to the 
Act also stated that "Since a large group of people have their origins in another country, 
the Swedish population lacks a common history. The relationship to Sweden and the 
support given to the fundamental values of society thus carry greater significance for 
integration than a common historical origin."
Native Swedes have thus been reduced to just another ethnic group in Sweden, with no 
more claim to the country than the Kurds or the Somalis who arrived there last Thursday. 
The political authorities of the country have erased their own people's history and 
culture.
Jens Orback, Minister for Democracy, Metropolitan Affairs, Integration and Gender 
Equality from the Social Democratic Party said during a debate in Swedish radio in 2004 
that "We must be open and tolerant towards Islam and Muslims because when we 
become a minority, they will be so towards us."
This is a government that knows perfectly well that their people will become a minority in 
their own country, yet is doing nothing to stop this. On the contrary. Pierre Schori, 
Minister for immigration, during a parliamentary debate in 1997 said that: "Racism and 
xenophobia should be banned and chased [away]," and that one should not accept 
"excuses, such as that there were flaws in the immigration and refugee policies."
In other words: It should be viewed as a crime for the native population not to assist in 
wiping themselves out.
Orback's attitude is what follows once you declare that culture is irrelevant. Our culture, 
even though we try to forget it, is steeped in a Judeo-Christian morality based on the 
Golden Rule of reciprocity: "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you." (Luke 
6:31)
Muslims, on the other hand, are steeped in an Islamic tradition based on Muslim 
supremacy. Muslims view lack of force as a sign of weakness, and they despise 
weakness, which is precisely why Adolf Hitler stated his admiration for Islam, and 
thought it would be a better match for Nazism than Christianity, with its childish notions 
of compassion.
A Swedish man was nearly killed for the crime of wearing clothes with his own national 
flag while Sweden was participating in the 2006 football World Cup. Some "Multicultural 
youths" found this to be an intolerable provocation, and the 24-year-old man was run 
down by a car in Malmö, where Muhammad is becoming the most common name for 
newborn boys.
Feriz and Pajtim, members of Gangsta Albanian Thug Unit in Malmö, explain how they 
mug people downtown. They target a lone victim. "We surround him and beat and kick 
him until he no longer fights back," Feriz said. "You are always many more people than 
your victims. Cowardly?" "I have heard that from many, but I disagree. The whole point 
is that they're not supposed to have a chance." They didn't express any sympathy for 
their victims. "If they get injured, they just have themselves to blame for being weak," 
said Pajtim and shrugged.
The wave of robberies the city of Malmö has witnessed is part of a "war against the 
Swedes[5]." This is the explanation given by young robbers from immigrant background 
in interviews with Petra Åkesson. "When we are in the city and robbing we are waging a 
war, waging a war against the Swedes." This argument was repeated several times. 
"Power for me means that the Swedes shall look at me, lie down on the ground and kiss 
my feet." The boys explain, laughingly, that "there is a thrilling sensation in your body 
when you're robbing, you feel satisfied and happy, it feels as if you've succeeded, it 
simply feels good." "We rob every single day, as often as we want to, whenever we want 
to. The Swedes don't do anything, they just give us the stuff. They're so wimpy."
"Exit Folkhemssverige - En samhällsmodells sönderfall" (Exit the People's Home of 
Sweden - The Downfall of a Model of Society) is a book from 2005 about immigration and 
the Swedish welfare state model dubbed "the people's home," written by Jonathan 
Friedman, Ingrid Björkman, Jan Elfverson and Åke Wedin. According to them, the 
Swedish Multicultural elites see themselves first of all as citizens of the world. In order to 
emphasise and accentuate diversity, everything Swedish is deliberately disparaged. 
Opposition to this policy is considered a form of racism:
"The dominant ideology in Sweden, which has been made dominant by powerful methods 
of silencing and repression, is a totalitarian ideology, where the elites oppose the national 
aspect of the nation state. The problem is that the ethnic group that are described as 
Swedes implicitly are considered to be nationalists, and thereby are viewed as racists."
The authors fear that the handling of the immigration policies has seriously eroded 
democracy because the citizens lose their loyalty towards a state they no longer consider 
their own. "Instead of increasing the active participation of citizens, the government has 
placed clear restrictions on freedom of thought, freedom of speech and freedom of 
congregation."
Mona Sahlin[6] has held various posts in Social Democratic cabinets, among others as 
Minister for Democracy, Integration and Gender Equality. Sahlin has said that many 
Swedes are envious of immigrants because they, unlike the Swedes, have a culture, a 
history, something which ties them together. Notice how Swedish authorities first formally 
state that Swedes don't have a history or a culture, and then proceed to lament the fact 
that Swedes don't have a history or a culture. A neat trick.
Sahlin has also stated that: "If two equally qualified persons apply for a job at a 
workplace with few immigrants, the one called Muhammad should get the job. It should 
be considered an asset to have an ethnic background different from the Swedish one." In 
2004, she was quoted as saying[7] that "A concerted effort that aims at educating 
Swedes that immigrants are a blessing to their country must be pursued," stressing that 
her compatriots must accept that the new society is Multicultural. "Like it or not, this is 
the new Sweden."
Mona Sahlin was elected leader of the Social Democratic Party, as thus a future 
contender for the post of Swedish Prime Minister, in 2007.
Why does the government dispense with the social contract and attack its own people 
like this? Well, for starters, because it can. Sweden is currently arguably the most 
politically repressive and totalitarian country in the Western world. It also has the highest 
tax rates. That could be a a coincidence, but I'm not sure that it is. The state has become 
so large and powerful that is has become an autonomous organism with a will of its own. 
The people are there to serve the state, not vice versa. And because state power 
penetrates every single corner of society, including the media, there are no places left to 
mount a defence if the state decides to attack you.
It has been said jokingly that while other countries are states with armies, Pakistan is an 
army with a state. Likewise, it could be argued that Sweden started out being a nation 
with a bureaucracy and ended up being a bureaucracy with a nation. In fact, the 
bureaucracy formally abolished the very nation it was supposed to serve. Its 
representatives are no longer leaders of a people, but caretakers preoccupied only with 
advancing their own careers through oiling and upholding, if possible expanding, the 
bureaucratic machinery.
Swedes pay the highest tax rates of any (supposedly) free nation, and for this they get 
flawed social security[8], non-existent physical security and a state apparatus dedicated 
to their destruction.
Anna Ekelund[9] in the newspaper Aftonbladet writes that: "We are a people who allow 
ourselves to be insulted by the government on a daily basis. We are not expected to be 
capable of thinking for ourselves, of deciding what we will read, or managing our own 
money. Swedes are as co-dependent as an alcoholic's wife. Yet we do not hurry to the 
ballot box to remove the prevailing systems. Not because we don't want to but because 
too many of us have painted ourselves into their corners."
Moreover, Swedes are keenly aware of the fact that their country is viewed by many 
outsiders as a "model society." Sweden is a deeply ideological state dedicated to 
imposing a certain world view on its citizens, and because the state is ideological, 
dissenters are quite literally treated as enemies of the state.
In the book The New Totalitarians[10], the British historian Roland Huntford in the early 
1970s pointed out that it was easier to establish the Fascist model [11] of the corporate 
state in Sweden than in Mussolini's Italy for cultural reasons, since Sweden had a 
centralised bureaucracy whereas Italians are skeptical of state authority. Put simply: 
Swedes have tended to trust their bureaucrats, which no Italian in his right mind would 
ever do.
According to him, "The Swedes have a horror of controversy as something unpleasant, 
inefficient and vaguely immoral. They require for peace of mind, not confrontation, but 
consensus. Consensus guides everything: private conversation, intellectual life and the 
running of the State."
The then Minister of Education, Mr. Ingvar Carlsson[12], defined the purpose of 
schooling: "It is to produce a well adjusted, good member of society. It teaches people to 
respect the consensus, and not to sabotage it." He also on one occasion said that "School 
is the spearhead of Socialism." Mr. Carlsson was Swedish Prime Minister as late as 1996.
Mr. Carlsson's mentor in the Social Democratic Party and predecessor as Swedish Prime 
Minister (1969 to 1986), Mr. Olof Palme[13], openly flaunted his disregard, if not 
contempt for, Western civilisation: "The Renaissance so-called? Western culture? What 
does it mean to us?" Under the watchful eye of the Labour movement, Swedish education 
has for decades mounted deliberate attacks on Western culture, making it look suspect.
According to Mr. Huntford, "When the Swedes change ideas, they do it to the full, leaving 
no room for criticism or reservation. The country lacks intellectual defences; anything 
new will conquer without resistance being offered." The consensus "assumes that 
technological advancement is the sole path to happiness, and the Gross National Product 
the only measure of national success. It also assumes that the good of the collective at 
all times must take precedence over the good of the individual. It prescribes that the 
fundamentals of Swedish society must never be questioned or discussed."
This is how Mrs Maj Bossom-Nordboe, then departmental chief of at the Directorate of 
Schools, expressed it: "It's useless to build up individuality, because unless people 
learned to adapt themselves to society, they would be unhappy. Liberty is not 
emphasised. Instead, we talk about the freedom to give up freedom. The accent is on the 
social function of children, and I will not deny that we emphasise the collective."
Roland Huntford ended his book with a warning that this system of soft-totalitarianism 
could be exported[14] to other countries. He has been proven right since:
"The Swedes have demonstrated how present techniques can be applied in ideal 
conditions. Sweden is a control experiment on an isolated and sterilised subject. Pioneers 
in the new totalitarianism, the Swedes are a warning of what probably lies in store for 
the rest of us, unless we take care to resist control and centralisation, and unless we 
remember that politics are not to be delegated, but are the concern of the individual. The 
new totalitarians, dealing in persuasion and manipulation, must be more efficient than 
the old, who depended upon force."
Following the September 2006 elections, Fredrik Reinfeldt[15] became Prime Minister of 
Sweden, presiding over a center-right coalition government. This is, in my view, positive. 
Sweden has been described by some as a "one-party state," since the Social Democrats 
have been in power for 65 of the last 74 years. However, the differences between the 
left-wing and the right-wing in Sweden are not always that big.
The last time these parties were in power, under the leadership of PM Carl Bildt[16] from 
1991 to 94, they presided over massive immigration, and have not been vocal in their 
opposition to the Multicultural policies since. The new Foreign Minister Bildt as a UN 
Commissioner to the Balkans called for recognising Islam as a part of European culture.
PM Reinfeldt has stated that the original Swedish culture was merely barbarism: "It can 
sometimes be good to humbly remind of the fact that a great deal of what constitutes 
Sweden has been created in [a process of] evolution, exactly because we have been 
open to accept other people and experiences."
Reinfeldt said this following a visit to an area called Ronna in Södertälje, near Stockholm. 
One year earlier a police station in Södertälje was hit by shots from an automatic weapon 
following a major confrontation between immigrant youths and police. The trouble in 
Ronna started after a Swedish girl had been called a "whore" and reacted to this. 
Ethnologist Maria Bäckman, in her study "Whiteness and gender," has followed a group of 
Swedish girls in the immigrant suburb of Rinkeby outside Stockholm. Bäckman relates 
that several of the blond Swedish girls stated that they had dyed their hair to avoid 
sexual harassment.
I have called Sweden a soft-totalitarian country, but I am sometimes not so sure about 
the "soft" part. Opinion polls have revealed that two out of three Swedes doubt whether 
Islam can be combined with Swedish society, and a very significant proportion of the 
population have for years wanted more limitations on immigration. Yet not one party 
represented in Parliament is genuinely critical of the Multicultural society.
Is it just a coincidence that the one country on the European continent that has avoided 
war for the longest period of time, Sweden, is also arguably the one Western nation 
where Political Correctness has reached the worst heights? Maybe the prolonged period 
of peace has created an environment where layers of ideological nonsense have been 
allowed to pile up for generations without stop. I don't know what Sweden will look like a 
generation from now, but I'm pretty sure it won't be viewed as a model society. And if 
the absence of war is one of the causes of its current weakness, I fear that is a problem 
that will soon be cured.
Sources:
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=139D4C85-7785-4ADD-AF55-933A1CD84353
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/016082.php
2. http://dansk-svensk.blogspot.com/2007/03/varmen-mder-kulden.html
3. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/is-swedish-democracy-collapsing.html
4. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/07/let-them-eat-kebab-new-marie.html
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/938
6. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mona_Sahlin
7. http://news.pacificnews.org/news/view_article.html?article_id=8f2e5052a3d8d103d769d4d676be5de1
8. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/510

