# 2.58 Will Netherland Survive the 21st Century?

> 原文页码: 596-600

house has fallen over[…]
Do you see? We can’t be proud of our past because it’s all bad, we can’t use British humour 
because it’s offensive and we can’t use understatement to deal with a crisis because the 
army of state-sponsored counsellors say we’ve got to sob uncontrollably at every small 
thing.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/12/our-offensive-national-flag.html
1. http://www.thelocal.se/8401/ 2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2475
3. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/comment/columnists/jeremy_clarkson/article2935442.ece
2.58 Will Netherland Survive the 21st Century?
By Fjordman
Let us consider the case of the Netherlands. Islamic practices there gain more and more 
public acceptance. There is talk of making Islamic holidays public holidays because 
Holland is a “Judeo-Christian-Islamic” society, whatever that is. There are plans for a 
Muslim-only hospital[1], and former Justice Minister Piet Hein Donner[2] stated that the 
Dutch should give Muslims more freedoms to behave according to their traditions: “For 
me it is clear: if two-thirds of the Dutch population should want to introduce the Sharia 
tomorrow, then the possibility should exist,” according to him. “It would be a disgrace to 
say: ‘That is not allowed!’“
The idea is by no means far-fetched. Unofficial sharia courts have been operating for 
years in major European cities and gradually gain official acceptance. In September 2008 
it was made known that British authorities will formally accept rulings of sharia courts on 
certain matters. This means that Britain has not just culturally but also legally 
surrendered to its new Muslim masters. The political elites will put up no resistance 
whatsoever to continued Islamisation.
Britain is one of the worst countries in the Western world, which says a lot given how bad 
many others are, but it belongs to a growing group of nations where the authorities have 
more or less surrendered to Islamic rule, openly promote Islamic “culture”, and harass 
those who resist. One could add Sweden, the Netherlands, Belgium, and probably France 
to the list, which keeps growing. Norway, Spain, Austria, Germany and others are not far 
behind.
The Netherlands, which for centuries was a haven for those seeking more freedom of 
thought, is becoming an increasingly totalitarian society as a direct result of mass 
immigration in general and Muslim immigration in particular. This is the reason why the 
insightful Hans Janssen, Professor of Modern Islamic Ideology at Utrecht University, 
stated that a peaceful society that wishes to remain existent “will have to find a way to 
defend itself through non-peaceful means from people who are not peaceful.” According 
to Jansen, Muslim fundamentalists frequently make threats, but Dutch media remain 
silent[3] about them.
Public broadcaster NPS[4] is producing a television programme with the objective of 
giving the Dutch population a positive view of Muslims and other immigrant groups. 
Meanwhile, in 2008 it was revealed that a policeman of Moroccan origins in the 
Rotterdam police corps has been unmasked as a spy for the Moroccan intelligence 
service. He led a project that trained 57 Moroccan problem youngsters as ground 
personnel for Rotterdam Airport. The Public Prosecutor’s Office (OM) decided not to 
prosecute him, allegedly because this could potentially generate negative publicity about 
the “Multicultural” society. Even after this was revealed, the policeman unmasked as a 
spy for a foreign country continued[5] working at Rotterdam Airport. The airport 
management saw no reason to refuse him a job.
In contrast, the Dutch Labour Party (PvdA) tried to muzzle[6] a (then) member who was 
fighting for the rights of Muslim apostates because they feared he would cause the party 
electoral damage. As most other left-wing parties in the Western world, they get a 
disproportionate number of immigrant votes. The man in question, the brave ex-Muslim 
Ehsan Jami[7], in the spring of 2008 decided to close down his organisation of former 
Muslims who defy the traditional death penalty for leaving Islam. He claims people are 
scared to join the organisation because of threats from Muslims.
Slotervaart[8], a Moroccan neighbourhood in Amsterdam, has been plagued by riots and 
arson. Just as in similar areas in Sweden, France, England and elsewhere, emergency 
personnel from the fire brigade and ambulance services are at risk of physical attacks 
when they enter. Western Europe’s major cities have become notorious for their rapidly 
expanding “no-go” zones, from Birmingham, London and Bradford via Marseilles, Paris, 
Antwerp and Brussels to Copenhagen, Berlin and Hamburg. There are now many areas 
into which even the police dare not venture without substantial backup. In certain urban 
areas the fire brigade and ambulance services are reluctant to answer calls in Muslim 
neighbourhoods, where “youths” set fire to public buildings, and then lay an ambush for 
the fire brigade when it arrives.
In mid-September 2008, the bus service in the Dutch town of Gouda announced it would 
not drive though the Oosterwei[9] neighbourhood. The decision came following 
complaints from bus drivers who report that on their route through the neighbourhood 
they are being spit on, threatened and robbed by Moroccan youth, who systematically 
kick against the buses as well.
It has earlier been revealed that Moroccans, Turks and other Muslims in the Netherlands 
receive direction from their home countries. Ethnic Turks have received instructions from 
Turkey on how to vote in Dutch elections.
Also in mid-September 2008, politician Geert Wilders[10] said during a speech in 
Parliament that Moroccans are colonising the Netherlands. According to Wilders, 
Moroccans didn’t come there to integrate, but “to subjugate the Dutch” and rule over 
them. “We lose our nation to Moroccan scum who go through life while abusing, spitting 
and molesting innocent people,” Wilders stated. “They happily accept our dole, houses 
and doctors, but not our rules and values”, he said. According to him there are “two 
nations.” The cabinet’s nation is that of “climate hysterics and uncontrollable 
Islamisation.” The other nation, “my nation,” Geert Wilders said, “is that of the people 
who have to foot the bill and are being robbed and threatened by Islamic street 
terrorists.”
Seven minutes after the speech began, “a technical error” occurred in the television 
broadcast which was mysteriously solved the very second Wilders finished his speech. 
The state TV is notoriously biased in their pro-Multicultural opinions and belief that 
Wilders is evil.
As I wrote in my online essay “Democracy and the Media Bias[11]”, in democratic 
societies the press, the Fourth Estate, should supposedly make sure that the government 
does its job properly as well as raise issues of public interest. In practice, we now seem 
to have a situation where the political elites cooperate with the media on making sure 
that some topics receive insufficient or unbalanced attention while others are simply kept 
off the agenda altogether. Together they form a new political class.
Before the rise of maverick politician Pim Fortuyn[12], the Dutch political scene had to a 
great extent been a closed club whose members, regardless of party affiliation, shared 
similar views in the widest possible sense. Most of the journalists belonged to the same 
club. If the majority of the populace didn’t quite agree with this elite on sensitive issues 
— and the most sensitive of them all was Muslim immigration — this hardly mattered 
much. Since all those who were in positions of power were in basic agreement, the will of 
the people could safely be ignored. Journalists and rival politicians — notice how they 
worked in lockstep — smeared Fortuyn as a dangerous “right-wing extremist.” Indirectly, 
this led to his murder by a left-wing activist who stated that he killed him on behalf of 
Muslims because he was “dangerous” to minorities.
Pim Fortuyn was indirectly murdered by the political, cultural and media elites whereas 
filmmaker Theo van Gogh was murdered by Muslims. MP Ayaan Hirsi Ali has been driven 
from the country. The Islam-critical MP Geert Wilders is still there, but he is subject to 
similar smears as Fortuyn was about being a racist, receives daily threats from Muslims 
and not-so-subtle hints from the establishment that he should tone down his criticism of 
Muslim immigration. The Dutch spirit between 2001 and 2008 appears to have been 
broken, as things are slowly returning to normal. The extended political elites are once 
again firmly in control of public debate, and the embarrassing peasant rebellion has been 
successfully struck down.
Perhaps Holland’s chance of saving itself died with Fortuyn. I hope not. I have always 
loved the Netherlands, and it would be extremely sad if a once-great nation that has 
spent so much time and energy on keeping the sea out will be destroyed by a tidal wave 
of sharia barbarism.
In May 2008 the cartoonist writing under the pseudonym Gregorius Nekschot[13] 
became the first-ever cartoonist to be arrested in the modern Western world. He was 
arrested at his home in Amsterdam and taken into custody for interrogation, suspected 
of “publishing cartoons which are discriminating for Muslims and people with dark skin.” 
At the same time, the city of Amsterdam developed teaching material[14] warning 
children against the politics of the Islam-critical politician Geert Wilders. MP Wilders 
called the campaign “sickening.”
Wilders’ movie Fitna from March 2008 produced strong reactions from Muslims on a 
global basis and condemnations from dhimmi appeasers in the Western world. Although 
the short film didn’t do anything other than quote the Koran and statements by Muslim 
leaders, the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon[15] condemned it as 
offensively anti-Islamic. “There is no justification for hate speech or incitement to 
violence,” Ban said in a statement. “The right of free expression is not at stake here.” The 
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour[16] joined in on condemning the 
tone and content of Fitna and noted that the Dutch and others should prohibit any 
advocacy of racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination or 
hostility. In plain words, they should ban criticism of Islam.
There are already examples where small Dutch websites[17] have been prosecuted for 
carrying readers’ comments critical of Islam and Muslims, thus setting a legal precedent 
for the suppression of free speech on the Internet[18]. This despite the fact that far more 
offensive material is routinely posted on Islamic online forums and is never subjected to 
any punishment. Similar developments are taking place in other European countries. This 
is encouraged not only by national authorities but by EU officials, who have expressed 
their desire to “regulate” blogs and similar websites more because they are often more 
critical of multiculturalism, mass immigration and general EU policies than are the 
mainstream media.
What this means is that Dutch authorities are giving in to demands from Islamic 
countries and kneel at the feet of their new Muslim masters. There can be no doubt that 
there is considerable political pressure on the police and others to enforce Multicultural 
speech codes and silence dissenters among the natives. Since we see clearly that 
Muslims can post negative remarks about the natives, but the natives are not allowed to 
post negative remarks about Islamic culture, this means that the natives are de facto 
second-rate citizens in their own country. This is coincidentally the status that they are 
supposed to have according to sharia, which means that the authorities are now 
enforcers of Islamic law.
Some observers say that the political elites in Western Europe are “powerless” to stop 
street violence. But they are aggressive in suppressing criticism of continued mass 
immigration, which indicates that they are not so much powerless as actively hostile to 
the natives.
In Brussels, Belgium, gangs of Muslim immigrants harass the natives on a daily basis. We 
have had several recent cases where native girls have been gang raped by immigrants in 
the heart of the EU capital, yet when the natives wanted to protest against the 
Islamisation of their continent on September 11th 2007, the demonstration was banned 
by the Socialist mayor of Brussels, whose ruling party is heavily infiltrated by Muslims. 
Those who attempted to carry on with a peaceful protest were arrested by the police.
Dozens[19] of boys and girls have been systematically abused, intimidated and molested 
by a group of older boys in the Utrecht neighbourhood of Overvecht. Children aged 8, 9 
and 10 have been dragged into bushes and coerced into performing sexual acts on boys 
a few years older. Most of the children involved are of Moroccan background. A municipal 
council member said that the problems are not being addressed. “This has been going on 
for almost a year. People just talk and talk and talk. And nothing is done,” she said.
In March 2007, native Dutch residents of the city of Utrecht rioted to protest against 
harassment by Muslim youths and government inaction to stop this. The authorities 
immediately suppressed the riots by sealing off the area and installing surveillance 
cameras to control Dutch non-Muslims, but they have done virtually nothing to address 
the underlying problem of violence from immigrant gangs. The case is far from unique.
Such incidents demonstrate that the authorities throughout Western Europe are now 
dedicated to implementing continued mass immigration and multiculturalism no matter 
what the natives think. If they object, they will be silenced. The Dutch voted “no” by a 
very large margin to the proposed EU Constitution that will formally dismantle their 
country, as did Irish and French voters, but they are simply ignored. At the same time, 
the EU elites obediently respond to calls from Islamic countries to ban “stereotypes and 
prejudice” targeting Islam. European political elites implement the agendas of our 
enemies and ignore the interests of their own people. They are thus collaborators and 
traitors and should be treated accordingly.
The interesting question is this: Are the elites merely appeasing Islam, which they 
certainly are doing, or are they actively promoting and expropriating it for their own 
ends? As Iranian ex-Muslim Ali Sina puts it in his excellent book Understanding 
Muhammad: “Islam was an instrument of domination. After Muhammad, others used his 
cult for the very same purpose.” Maybe this is happening in the EU as well?
Ali Sina rejects the Multicultural concept that all cultures (except European culture, which 
is evil and should be eradicated) are worth keeping:
“If any culture needs to be preserved, it is the Western, Helleno-Christian culture. It is 
this culture that is facing extinction. It is to this culture alone that we owe the 
Enlightenment, Renaissance, and democracy. These are the foundations of our modern 
world. It would be a terrible mistake not to preserve this culture. If we do nothing, we 
face a future where democracy and tolerance will fade and Islam’s more primitive 
instincts will subjugate humanity. All cultures are not made equal… Islam is not a culture. 
It is the antithesis of culture. It is barbarity, savagery and incivility. Islamic civilisation is 
an oxymoron, while Islamic terrorism is redundancy. We owe our freedom and modern 
civilisation to Western culture. It is this culture that is now under attack and needs 
protection.”
As I put it in my essay “The Welfare State is Dead, Long Live the Welfare State[20]“, 
Americans say “In God we trust.” Is the welfare state, on some deep, subconscious level, 
a substitute for God? An omnipresent State instead of an omnipresent God? Europeans 
lost belief in God in Auschwitz and the trenches of WW1. We no longer trust in God, so 
we put our trust in the State, to create a small oasis of security on a continent that has 
had such a turbulent history.
The slogan is “security from cradle to grave.” But right now the welfare state clearly does 
not provide financial or physical security in much of Western Europe, at least not for the 
natives. It pays for more cradles to Muslim immigrants while it leads some of the natives 
prematurely to their graves. Taxes are a form of disguised jizya, the poll tax paid by 
submissive non-Muslims under Islamic rule, taken from us and given to those who 
colonise our lands.
The welfare state breeds passivity and obedience to the state’s agenda since so many are 
dependent upon it for their livelihoods. For rulers, this can be quite useful. The stated 
purpose of the welfare state is to alleviate poverty, but we should remember that a 
powerful state bureaucracy which deals with all aspects of life leaves a great deal of 
power to those on top of that bureaucracy, ruling people who have been pacified and 
emasculated by decades of state indoctrination and interference in their private lives. I 
suspect one of the reasons why Europeans put up with a powerful EU bureaucracy 
running much of Europe’s affairs is that we have already been accustomed to this on a 
national level.
My advice to Westerners in general is to arm themselves immediately, first of all mentally 
with knowledge of the enemy and pride in their own culture and heritage, but also 
physically with guns and the skills to use them. Friedrich Nietzsche stated in the 
nineteenth century that “God is dead.” In the early twenty-first century it would be fair to 
say that “The State is dead,” the replacement God in which we placed our trust after the 
other God died.
Every single day we get more evidence that the authorities are totally incapable of 
protecting any semblance of security and freedom for its citizens. The only thing the 
state still seems to be capable of doing is indoctrinating our children with hatred of their 
own civilisation and taking away our money so that it can be given to those who colonise 
our countries and abuse our children, verbally and physically.
My bet is still on Britain, or possibly Denmark, as the first Western country to face a civil 
war due to Muslim immigration, but the Netherlands is a potential candidate as well. I 
just wonder whether the Dutch are already a broken nation, mentally speaking. Their 
political elites have chosen formal surrender and will enforce sharia and ban everybody 
disagreeing with this as “extremists”. Native Dutchmen will either have to fight back or 
leave their country behind and watch it die from a distance, as a significant number of 
them have already done.
What is happening in Western Europe now is a textbook case of a situation where the 
social contract is no longer upheld. The natives pay extremely high tax rates to nation 
states that no longer protect their borders and are both unwilling and incapable of 
upholding a bare minimum of law and order. The laws are in any case no longer passed 
with our interest in mind, but by dedicated Multiculturalists and Globalists specifically 
hostile to our interests. The European Union is the very definition of tyranny.
As John Locke says in the Second Treatise on Government:
The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property, and the end 
why they choose and authorise a legislative is that there may be laws made, and rules 

