# 2.61 Kosovo - Just another step in the Islamisation of Europe

> 原文页码: 609-610

2.61 Kosovo - Just another step in the Islamisation of Europe
Has the world gone crazy or is there a master plan that the super powers have in mind 
so intricate that the common people cannot comprehend? This is the question I have 
been asking myself during the last couple of weeks while following closely the 
development of the drama in Kosovo. The opinion that Kosovo’s unilateral declaration of 
independence is illegal is shared by many countries in the world since it blatantly defies 
international agreements. For some inexplicable reason, the US and the big West 
European countries embraced the self proclaimed independence of this province in the 
Balkans inhabited by clans of ruthless terrorists. I am sure that many people are raising 
their eyebrows right now so I will provide some historical evidence to back my judgment 
since I know for a fact that many people not only in the US but also in Europe are grossly 
misinformed on this issue. 
Tony Vladov from the Bulgarian daily newspaper Standard gives details on how the 
notorious Albanian organised crime originated from the traditional family clans. Since the 
fifteenth century those clans have used a system or rules called “kanun.” Similarly to the 
mafia, each of these families have been controlling and governing certain territory, which 
in many instances caused bloodsheds among clans. It’s suggested that even during the 
rule of the Albanian dictator Enver Hodja fifteen clans in Albania have been committing 
illegal contraband operations. Later these criminals expanded their operations and during 
the political turmoil of 1997 they establish total control of the organised crime in Albania. 
The same families created the Army for Liberation of Kosovo (AOK), with the simple 
agenda of making money from the financing of the war with Serbia and to conquer new 
territories inhabited by Albanians on the Balkans. 
The war in Kosovo played a major role for the popularisation of Albanian criminal 
contractors throughout Europe. Moreover, this changed the route of heroin transportation 
from the East to the West. Before the war, the drugs used to go through the channel 
Turkey-Serbia-Croatia and Slovenia. During the war the Albanians guaranteed the safety 
of the cargos in the military zone and thus achieve total control of the traffic. 
Immediately after the war, the ethnic Albanians and their fellow relatives from Kosovo 
were granted a statute of refugees and quickly dispersed throughout Europe. The biggest 
Albanian colonies put roots in Germany and Switzerland creating a monopoly on the 
heroin trade. All of the Albanians have always highly respected the clans’ hierarchy. For 
example, the Albanian leader in Macedonia – Ali Ahmeti is a nephew of Fazly Veliu, one of 
the founders of Albanian Army for Libaration of Kosovo. Furthermore, the Veliu family is 
closely related to the Djashari clan, which member is Haim Tachi himself. This same 
person, Mr. Tachi (then leader of the AOK) killed many civilian Serbs during the AOK 
infiltrations of sovereign Serbian territory. It is also curious that this individual is a close 
friend of the foreign policy team of the Clinton Administration – Madeline Albright, 
Richard Holbrook and Wesley Clark. 
Until today Albania has been ruled by the terror of the lawless criminal clans and any 
judge who dared to intervene has being executed. What the world doesn’t know is that 
the fix idea of the Albanians of creating Great Albania is still alive and they are working 
hard for achieving it. Most families procreate at large scales trying to conquer territories 
demographically and later through bloodshed. Moreover, Albanians are spread all over 
Europe and especially in the criminal underworld. They are notorious for their 
effectiveness, unpredictability and incredible cruelty. Their main advantage to the other 
organised crime is the fact that they speak language nobody understands, their 
organisation is based on family ties and if someone dares to speak out that person is 
being brutally murdered. In Europe, today the Albanian mafia is the main engine of traffic 
of drugs and humans, theft and falsification of passports, weapons and human organs 
trade, abductions, extortions and executions. In London these people control the entire 
network of prostitution, in Italy and Greece they deal with weapons and drugs’ 
smuggling. There are entire towns in Italy where the business is controlled by Albanians. 
In the US there are more than 150,000 Albanian immigrants from Kosovo, Macedonia, 
Montenegro and Albania.
Moreover, here is another interesting piece of information about the “unprivileged” 
Albanians. In 2002, soon after the invasion of Albanian terrorists in Macedonia, the local 
government presented a 79 page report to the CIA, which highlighted the collaboration of 
Albanians and Al Qaida on the Balkans. Since 1999 only in Kosovo there have been built 
24 Wahabit mosques, 14 orphanages, and 24 elementary schools sponsored by the 
Wahabit network. The situation in Albania is similar where the religious leader is a 
disciple of the Wahabits of Saudi Arabia. Wahabism is a fundamentalist movement in the 
Islam and is the main inspiration for the terrorists from Al Qaida. Although this doesn’t 
mean that all Albanians will become terrorists, it poses a great danger to the world since 
there are conditions for the creation and spreading of terrorist cells in the Albanian 
society. 
Why am I providing all this background information? I am just trying to explain why 
independent Kosovo is so dangerous for the cultural and social integrity of Europe. The 
Albanians and other Muslims for that matter have been refusing for years to integrate in 
the European society. The problems they have created in the UK, Italy, France, Germany, 
the Balkans and many other places are countless. The world saw what happened in Paris 
and Germany few years ago. Last year, Albanian refugees from Kosovo tried to commit a 
terrorist attack on an American military base in the US! In 2001 the AOK army invaded 
Macedonia and destroyed Christian monasteries from the 12th century. Thanks to these 
‘peace” loving individuals we can’t bring liquids on the aeroplanes today. I can only hope 
that Turkey never gets to join the European Union or as Nicholas Sarkozy once said, one 
day we will have to explain to our children why Beirut and Damascus should be in 
Europe.
Based on all of the above facts I don’t understand why the US, France, Italy and 
Germany accepted the unilateral proclamation of independence of Kosovo. Is the memory 
of these nations so short or do they have a secret agenda? The US similarly to Russia 
actually has always tried to split countries and regions so it can have more power over 
them. The examples in history are many – the coup in Iran that brought to power the 
Ayatollahs, the war in Iraq, the bombing of Serbia in the 90’s. In the age we live in, 
however the time has come for the world powers to make a decision. Are they going to 
work together in order to promote and conserve western values, traditions and cultures 
and protect their people from the imminent threat of the dark force that is trying to 
undermine all things civil we believe in or are they going to use the Muslim card in the 
fight for power among themselves? Only time will show, but I truly hope that future 
generations in Europe don’t have to wake up every morning by the sounds of Muslim 
prayers and read re-written history books. 
Source:
http://bnp.org.uk/2008/03/kosovo-just-one-step-in-the-islamification-of-europe/

