# 2.63 The Anti-Racist Witch-Hunts

> 原文页码: 614-618

20. http://honestthinking.org/en/pub/VG.205.05.15.OJA.Cheating_with_immigration_numbers.htm
21. http://blog.bearstrong.net/001579.html
22. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article856476.ece
23. http://www.dagsavisen.no/innenriks/article978591.ece
24. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article889813.ece
25. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/is-swedish-democracy-collapsing.html
26. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article880632.ece
27. http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2004/12/17/417876.html
28. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1024117.ece
29. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-national-day-17th-of-may.html
2.63 The Anti-Racist Witch-Hunts
By Fjordman
The leading Norwegian blog Document.no[1] tells the horrifying story about how two 
decent white men in 2007 were attacked by a media lynch mob for their supposed 
"racism." As it turns out later, the mainstream media didn't present nearly all of the 
information relevant to the case at the time, which didn't prevent them from nearly 
destroying these two men. This happened at the same time as there is a growing wave of 
crime and violence targeting the natives. The response of the authorities to rising levels 
of racist violence targeting the natives has been to increase crackdowns on "racism" – by 
the white natives. In 2005 the Norwegian parliament – with the support of 85% of MPs – 
passed a new Discrimination Act[2], prepared by then Minister of Integration from the 
Conservative Party, Erna Solberg, who had earlier called for the establishment of a sharia 
council in Norway.
A spokesman for the right-wing Progress Party, Per Sandberg, feared that the law would 
jeopardise the rights of law-abiding citizens. Reverse burden of proof is combined with 
liability to pay compensation, which means that innocent persons risk having to pay huge 
sums for things they didn't do. If an immigrant claims that a native has somehow 
discriminated against him or made a discriminatory remark, the native person has to 
mount proof of his own innocence. This harsh law was passed despite the fact that most 
immigrants themselves claimed they had encountered little discrimination.
I have later discovered that similar laws have been passed across much of Western 
Europe, encouraged by the EU and the Council of Europe (CoE) in cooperation with 
international Islamic organisations. The Norwegian law followed an initiative from the 
CoE. There was virtually no public debate about this law, which was passed in relative 
silence prior to the national elections that year. Not a single journalist genuinely criticised 
it, and most barely mentioned it at all before it was passed. The same journalists 
otherwise tend to be very concerned about the legal or "human rights" of Islamic 
terrorists, but apparently not of their own people.
The Equality and Anti-discrimination Ombud[3] Beate Gangås, a white lesbian feminist, 
before the municipal elections in 2007 warned all political parties against making 
"discriminatory" remarks regarding immigration policies, but called for actively 
reducing[4] the number of white, heterosexual men in politics. There was little real 
debate about immigration in the heavily left-leaning media that year, but an all the more 
passionate witch-hunt looking for racists, and by that I mean whites only. The left-wing 
coalition government, after a meeting with immigrant organisations, announced that 
racists, apparently meaning white natives only, should be "smoked out"[5] of all public 
sector jobs.
The same government in October 2008 funded[6] a conference in Oslo involving 
"dialogue" with a number of hardline sharia-sponsoring groups from the Middle East, 
including the Egyptian branch of the Muslim Brotherhood. The section Fred og Forsoning 
("Peace and Reconciliation") of the Foreign Ministry financed the research project "Fault 
Lines of Islamism" [pdf][7] led by Bjørn Olav Utvik of the University of Oslo. Gry Larsen 
from the Labour Party, representing the Ministry, was scheduled to meet with 
representatives of these groups. The left-wing government can thus meet with radical 
Islamic groups, but want to silence those among the natives who don't want Muslims 
with such views to settle in their country. No "dialogue" with them.
Two ambulance drivers in Oslo, both of them white native Norwegians, were in August 
2007 involved in what became a massively hyped case supposedly involving "white 
racism." The ambulance had arrived to pick up an African man who was injured. As 
ambulance driver Erik Schjenken[8] months later explained, the man "pulled down his 
pants and urinated on my colleague's leg. My colleague was surprised, pulled away and 
called him a pig. That's when we viewed the man as a problem, and decided it was best if 
the police took him to the clinic." Ali Farah, the Somalian man in question, had more 
severe head injuries than the drivers assumed at that point. "We made a mistake, 
because we interpreted his urination as willful and a provocation, but NOT because we 
had racist or discriminatory motives," Schjenken wrote.
Based on weak suspicions of "racism," the mass media, leading intellectuals and 
politicians launched what can only be described as a witch-hunt against the two 
ambulance drivers. "This would never happen to a white man," said the prominent 
Norwegian-Pakistani lawyer Abid Q. Raja[9], representing Farah and his family. Author 
Anne Holt, who once served as Minister of Justice for the Labour Party, wrote an essay in 
newspaper Aftenposten which in my view amounted to a verbal execution of the drivers. 
Both of them were suspended from service and became the target of widespread, 
negative media coverage. They were later cleared after an investigation of the incident 
by the Norwegian Board of Health Supervision. However, the Equality and Anti-
Discrimination Ombud, or the Multicultural Inquisition as I like to call it, ruled that Farah 
was a victim of discrimination and that the ambulance personnel broke the anti-
discrimination laws. As noted before, the anti-discrimination law states that natives are 
guilty of "discrimination" almost as soon as they are suspected of it.
It should be mentioned here that this African man was injured in the first place because 
he was beaten by another African man, from Ghana[10]. In Norway, a country straddling 
the Arctic Circle and with no colonial history, one African man beats another African man, 
and the result is that the white ambulance drivers, who have dedicated their lives to 
helping other people, become the targets of a lynch mob led by the country's media. 
Driver Erik Schjenken needed professional help as he was brought to the brink of suicide.
According to Hans Rustad from the major blog Document.no[11], the ideology of anti-
racism in some cases resembles what we have seen from Communists regimes. The term 
"racist" is similar to being called a "class traitor" under Communism. The mere accusation 
is powerful enough to destroy lives. Rustad fears that anti-racism in some cases leads to 
lawlessness. Ambulance driver Schjenken was a well-regarded employee who had 
performed thousands of calls and saved many lives, yet because of one error of 
judgment, which in my view was understandable given the situation, his life was ruined. 
All because he had a politically incorrect skin colour while the other person was non-
white.
 
What makes this even more absurd is that in Norway, as throughout the Western world, 
white-on-non-white violence is exceedingly rare. The vast majority of racism and racist 
violence comes from non-whites against whites, or between different groups of non-
whites. In Oslo, young girls are raped; schoolchildren are threatened with death, robbed 
and assaulted. The police have warned against "an alarming rise in street violence" in 
urban areas across the country. This is directly caused by mass immigration, which is 
nevertheless still championed by the very same media who attacked these two 
ambulance drivers.
For instance[12], a 17-year-old Somalian was convicted of the rape of a young girl in 
Oslo. The court stated that the rape was unusually brutal and lasted for several hours. 
The man choked the girl for so long that the medical doctor who examined her said that 
she could have died. The girl suffers from severe psychological problems in the aftermath 
of the attack. The African youth was sentenced to four and half years in prison. This 
sentence included another rape, where his Norwegian-Moroccan friend raped a 13-year-
old girl whilst the Somalian helped to threaten her and keep guard. She has naturally 
been traumatised from the incident.
Numerous natives have had their lives ruined by similar attacks, yet anti-white racism is 
rarely mentioned as a problem by the mainstream media. Whites are apparently fair 
game. The more vicious the rapes, muggings, and stabbings targeting whites in their own 
country get, the more aggressive and hysterical the witch-hunt on "white racism" 
becomes. French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut[13] has warned that "the lofty idea of 
'the war on racism' is gradually turning into a hideously false ideology. And this anti-
racism will be for the 21st century what Communism was for the 20th century: A source 
of violence."
Professor Sigurd Skirbekk[14] of the University of Oslo notes that "In 1994, the German 
periodical Focus pointed to opinion polls taken in Germany, France and England in which 
55, 52 and 50 per cent, respectively, felt that their countries accepted too many 
immigrants. From Norway we have a representative study from 1987 which showed that 
51% of the people felt that the country should accept fewer immigrants; 25% felt that 
politicians should stick to current practice, while only 8% wanted to accept more 
immigrants. A similar study in Sweden, made a couple of years later, showed that 54% of 
Swedes felt that too many people were immigrating to Sweden. In later studies the 
figures have varied somewhat; but there have always been more people who have 
favored a restrictive policy than those who favored liberalisation." Thus, according to 
Skirbekk, "the extent of recent immigration cannot be explained on the basis of popular 
opinion [my emphasis]."
Skirbekk wonders[15] whether there is a quasi-religious undercurrent to the anti-racist 
movement, and that it is quite literally the equivalent of the witch-hunts of previous 
ages:
"A number of researchers have come to see that certain issues in the migration debate 
has religious connotations. The Norwegian social anthropologist Inger Lise Lien, for 
instance, has written that 'racism' in the public immigration debate has become a word 
used to label the demons among us, the impure from whom all decent people should 
remain aloof. We have every reason to believe that the use of the term 'racist' in our day 
has many functional similarities with the use of the word 'heretic' three hundred years 
ago….It is presumably fully possible to join anti-racist movements with the sole motive of 
identifying with something that appears to be politically correct, or in order to be a part 
of a collective that entitles one to demonstrate and to harass splinter groups that no one 
cares to defend." But "behind the slogan 'crush the racists,' there might well be 
something more than a primitive desire to exercise violence. The battle also involves an 
element of being in a struggle for purity versus impurity. And since racism is something 
murky, anti-racism and the colourful community it purportedly represents, becomes an 
expression of what is pure."
The Norwegian left-wing author Torgrim Eggen[16] warns against "race wars" brought 
about by mass immigration yet continues to support it. Questioned about what we can do 
to avoid this scenario he states: "That's a very stupid question to ask to an author. This 
presupposes that I want everybody to be happy, have a good time and don't have any 
problems. If so, what do they want me to write about?"
I will give him credit for his honesty: This is the most frank admission I have seen of the 
fact that some people don't WANT society to be harmonious; they think it's boring. There 
is no worse fate for a self-professed intellectual than to live in a nation that is by and 
large prosperous, peaceful and well-functioning because nobody will care about his 
advice or follow his guidance, as is befitting a person of his intelligence.
During the Multicultural craze of the 1990s, Eggen in an essay entitled "The psychotic 
racism[17]" warned against turbulence caused by mass immigration. The solution to this 
was not to limit immigration, but to limit criticism of immigration. According to him, 
xenophobia and opposition to mass immigration should be viewed as a mental illness, 
and hence "the solution to this xenophobia is that you should distribute medication to 
those who are seriously affected. I have discussed this with professor of community 
medicine, Dr. Per Fugelli, and he liked the idea." Mr. Fugelli suggested putting anti 
psychotic drugs in the city's drinking water.
This may sound too extreme to be meant seriously, but Fugelli has continued to chastise 
those who are critical of national immigration policies. Eggen warned that arguments 
about how ordinary people are concerned over mass immigration shouldn't be accepted 
because this could lead to Fascism: "One should be on one's guard against people, 
especially politicians, who invoke xenophobia on behalf of others. And if certain people 
start their reasoning with phrases such as 'ordinary people feel that,' one shouldn't argue 
at all, one should hit [them]."
Thomas Hylland Eriksen, professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo, heads 
a multi-million project[18] sponsored by the state trying to envision how the new 
Multicultural society will work. He is a career multiculturalist and intellectual celebrity in 
his country, a frequent contributor to the public debate and lives, according to himself, in 
a boring, monocultural part of the city, insulated from the effects of cultural diversity. 
Hylland Eriksen has proclaimed the death of (Western) nations as if he derives pleasure 
from it, and has stated that the Nidaros Cathedral (Nidarosdomen), the most prominent 
church in the country, should no longer serve as a national symbol in our Multicultural 
society.
Mr. Eriksen has clashed with Ole-Jørgen Anfindsen, who runs the bilingual quality website 
HonestThinking.org and warns against the effects of uncontrolled mass immigration. 
According to[19] Hylland Eriksen, "Cosmopolites insist on a world comprising of more 
colours than black and white. In such a world, the problems presented by Ole-Jørgen 
Anfindsen are not just petty, but irrelevant."
What are the problems presented by Mr. Anfindsen? Well, he has published numbers 
indicating that if the current immigration continues, native Norwegians will be a minority 
in their own country within a couple of generations. Given the fact that ethnic groups 
who become minorities in their own lands usually have a hard time, and always get 
persecuted when the newcomers are Muslims, one would assume that this would be 
interesting information. But for self-proclaimed "Multicultural cosmopolites," it is "petty 
and irrelevant" to even consider that this could represent a problem. Eriksen calls 
Anfindsen "stupid and ignorant," and hints that "Maybe Anfindsen's agenda is inspired by 
a kind of perverted Christianity (he has a Christian background)."
"He has a Christian background." Is that supposed to be an insult and disqualify a person 
from worrying about whether his grandchildren will be persecuted? Mr. Eriksen, like other 
Western multiculturalists, worries about Islamophobia but is more than willing to mock 
Christianity. A newspaper essay co-authored by Eriksen states that: "Is he [Anfindsen] 
asking us to once again repeat the obvious in that the murder of Theo van Gogh, various 
acts of terrorism and death threats against newspaper editors have nothing to do with 
Islam?"
Nothing to do with Islam? Really?
Mohammed Bouyeri[20], born in Amsterdam of Moroccan parents, killed Theo van Gogh 
as he was cycling in Amsterdam on Nov. 2, 2004, shooting and stabbing before slashing 
his throat and pinning a note to his body with a knife. "I did what I did purely out my 
beliefs," he told judges while clutching a Koran[21]. "I want you to know that I acted out 
of conviction and not that I took his life because he was Dutch or because I was 
Moroccan," but because he believed van Gogh insulted Islam in his film criticising the 
treatment of Muslim women.
So a peaceful Christian man is accused of having a dark, secret agenda, while a Muslim 
murderer who brags about his Islamic motivations has nothing to do with Islam? A 
Serbian doctor from the former Yugoslavia, where a Multicultural society recently 
collapsed in a horrific civil war, warned against the effects of unchecked mass 
immigration. Thomas Hylland Eriksen responded by chastising her for her "lack of 
visions[22]."
Apparently, your worth as an intellectual is measured in how grandiose your ideas are. 
The greater your visions, the more dazzling your intellect is and thus the greater prestige 
should be awarded to you. Whether those visions actually correspond to reality and 
human nature is of secondary importance. In fact, many a self-proclaimed intellectual will 
be downright offended by the petty considerations of his more pedestrian fellow citizens, 
concerned with what effects his ideas will have in real life. The fact that some people 
could get hurt from his ideas doesn't discourage him. Truly great advances for mankind 
can only be accomplished though sacrifices, preferably made by others than himself.
Those who champion mass immigration take no self-criticism for the violence their 
policies have brought. On the contrary, they want more immigration. Following the 
release of a UN population report[23] in 2007 which indicated a global population 
increase of several billion people over the coming decades, Marie Simonsen, the political 
editor of Norwegian left-wing newspaper Dagbladet, which has spent decades denouncing 
the right-wing Progress Party for their "racist" policies of limiting mass immigration, 
wrote that it should be considered a universal human right for people everywhere to 
migrate wherever they want to. This would mean virtually certain annihilation for a tiny, 
wealthy and naive Scandinavian nation. Ms. Simonsen thus endorsed the gradual 
eradication of her own people, no doubt congratulating herself for her tolerance. Not a 
single word of protest was voiced by any other journalist to this statement.
"Human rights" was a concept originally intended to ensure liberty. Now it's used to 
eradicate an entire civilisation, in the name of tolerance and diversity, and the natives are 
specifically banned from protesting against this.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3576
1. http://www.document.no/2008/10/den_som_har_makt.html
2. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-inquisition-sunset-in-land.html
3. http://www.ldo.no/no/Shortcuts/Information-in-english/
4. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/politikk/article1978068.ece
5. http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/1.3196286
6. http://www.vg.no/pub/skrivervennlig.hbs?artid=530563
7. http://www.hf.uio.no/ikos/forskning/forskningsprosjekter/utvik/b_o_utvik/faultlines.pdf
8. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article2355648.ece
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1926561.ece
10. http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/iriks/article2478755.ece
11. http://www.document.no/2008/10/den_som_har_makt.html
12. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/07/norwegian-government-covering-up.html

