# 2.65 ANTIFA/Labour Jugend – State sponsored Marxist lynch mobs

> 原文页码: 620-625

I have written about one such attack[1], which extreme 
Leftists later openly bragged about on the Internet, around 
30 members of the Sweden Democrats were attending a 
private party outside the town of Växjö. “To clearly 
demonstrate that the Sweden Democrats are not welcome 
in our area, about 20 anti-Fascists chose to attack the 
party. The Sweden Democrats were attacked with knives, 
axes, iron bars and other weapons. After that, their cars 
were destroyed.” The brave Leftists then smashed the 
windows and threw tear gas into the building, forcing 
people outside, where they were again attacked and 
beaten with iron bars and axes. Several of the people were 
hospitalised after the attack. This was a peaceful, private 
party by unarmed members of a perfectly legal political 
party that just happens to be critical of the country's 
immigration policies. These brave Leftists or “anti-Fascists” 
do, for some curious reason, seem to behave pretty much 
like, well, Fascists, a bit like the Brown Shirts in the 1930s, 
physically assaulting political opponents to silence them. 
The Swedish newspaper Expressen finally warned against the “low-intensity terrorism” 
conducted by extreme Leftists and neo-Nazis. But they were honest enough to admit that 
the extreme Leftists have tended to get away with their violence because it has been 
directed against the despised right-wingers. Now, their violence is increasingly aimed at 
established political parties and state institutions, too. Political scientist Peter Esaiasson 
has done research into every election movement in Sweden since 1866. According to 
him, the organised attempts at disrupting meetings during the 2006 elections had no 
parallels in modern history.
Most likely several hundred individuals have for the last few decades experienced cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist persecution throughout Western Europe. Here is an example of an 
individual being fired:
From 2003 to 2006 I worked as a civil servant in the Berchem borough of Antwerp, 
Flanders. Berchem is a multicultural neighbourhood with many immigrants of Turkish and 
Moroccan origin. My job was to promote the integration of these people and foster good 
relations between the different ethnic groups living in Berchem. Prior to 2003 I worked in 
Antwerp North, another neighbourhood with many immigrants. 
During the past years I noted how radical Islamists groups began to take over the 
immigrant neighbourhoods. I warned for this danger in my reports to the city authorities. 
The latter made it clear to me that they did not like my reports. They said my reports read 
like “Vlaams Belang tracts.” The VB is the local anti-immigration party. When I kept 
reporting about what I saw happening around me I was fired[2].
Source:
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/05/new-york-times-and-sweden-dark-side-of.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1970
2.65 ANTIFA/Labour Jugend – State sponsored Marxist lynch mobs
(Original title: FREEDOM FIGHTING "FASCISTS")
By Fjordman
“The fascists of the future will be called anti-fascists.”
Winston Churchill
In late 2007 and early 2008, I was involved in a heated argument with the American blog 
Little Green Footballs and its owner Charles Johnson. I haven't been thinking much about 
it since then because it consumed too much energy and I found it to be a waste of time. 
However, recent events have caused me to look at these issues once more. In the city of 
Cologne (Köln), Germany, a scheduled anti-Islamisation demonstration was disrupted by 
an unholy alliance of Eurabian Multicultural elites and extreme Leftist "anti-Fascists." As 
Thomas Landen puts it in The Brussels Journal[1]:
"Last weekend's events in Cologne demonstrate what European conservatives are up 
against. A conference protesting the building of a mega mosque run by Turkish radicals was 
violently disrupted by thugs who gained the approval of the local German authorities and 
the German media. The international media, including the so-called 'conservative' media, 
have either not written about the Cologne incidents or done so by branding the 
conservatives as 'Neo-Nazis' and the thugs as ordinary citizens bravely fighting back 
'Nazism.' An example of the latter can be found in The Times of London[2]."
According to magazine Der Spiegel[3], "an estimated 40,000 protesters turned up in 
Cologne's downtown Heumarkt area, many wearing clown suits, to disrupt the rally. They 
blocked urban trains to keep delegates away and raided a tourist boat shaped like a 
whale - called the 'Moby Dick' - where the far-right gathering had been hoping to hold a 
press conference. A Pro Cologne spokesman said, 'Stones, bricks and paint bombs were 
thrown and the panoramic windows of the Moby Dick were shattered.' Police cancelled 
the rally after 45 minutes. Pro Cologne organisers had to dismantle microphones and 
other equipment in Heumarkt while the overwhelmed riot cops tried to hold back the 
crowd of protesters."
According to Der Spiegel, Police had prepared for about 1,500 far-right activists, 
organised by the local 'Pro Cologne' movement, to make a public show of discussing what 
they called the 'Islamisation' of Europe."
As the esteemed American writer and columnist Diana West[4] commented: "The 
suggestion here is that no non-'far-right activist' could possibly be so 'far right' as to 
imagine Europe is being Islamised….The point of the anti-Islamisation rally was rational 
discussion. But Cologne proved it values neither reason nor discussion. 'The city was 
ready.' For mob rule."
The supposedly conservative newspaper Die Welt put up an online poll[5] asking their 
readers whether they thought it was OK to ban the anti-Islamisation demonstration. 
According to the major blog Politically Incorrect[6], as of midnight 86% disagreed with 
this policy. Suddenly, in the middle of the night, thousands of votes miraculously came in 
and the poll ended with exactly 50% in favor of the ban. Die Welt deleted the comment 
section because many comments criticised the decision to ban the Pro Cologne meeting.
Several eyewitnesses who were present this weekend were shocked by the behaviour of 
the police, who in their eyes seemed to be acting as a surrogate of the left-wing "antifa" 
groups (supposedly anti-Fascists, although they tend to behave pretty much exactly like 
Fascists).
Aviel[7], a Jewish man who was beaten up in Cologne on 20 September, explains:
"My [Jewish] friend, Michael Kucherov was the first casualty here on Friday. He got 
beaten up for trying to enter the first of our [=Pro Cologne] meetings on Friday. I sorely 
resent myself for not being there at that time for him. It rips me apart to hear about a 
Jew being beaten up in the streets of Germany. Well he wouldn't be the only Jew. The 
next day as I was trying to enter Heumarkt, I was beaten up by Antifa thugs on 
Eibahnstrasse. In both incidents, as we were being beaten up, they were yelling and 
screaming 'Nazi' which was quite odd. Michael dressed in a suit but I was wearing my 
kippa and quite easily identified as a Jew so you can understand how odd it seems to be 
beaten by Germans in the street and called Nazi when you are Jewish. Anyway, I am 
going home with a broken rib but my pride still intact. I could have tried to escape or run 
but no way no how and I going to run or get on my knees for these people. Not this Jew. 
And one more thing, just let them all know that we (Jews) aren't all soft. Living here in 
Europe, we battle thugs and islamists all the time and still ask for more. That's why I 
travelled from France to Germany to make this conference. We are on the frontline of a 
battle which grows darker by the minute."
A Norwegian man blogging under the name maalmannen experienced something similar 
and posted many photos[8] from the event[9]: 
"On several occasions, I observed people trying to join the demonstration being attacked 
and chased away by the leftist counter-demonstration. In one case, an old woman 
carrying a lot of anti-Islamisation posters was attacked by a gang of Antifa activists. The 
rest of the crowd shouted 'Nazis raus' [Nazis out] when these criminals attacked the old 
frau and took all her posters away from her, and then ordered her to leave or risk more 
attacks."
Spanish writer AMDG from the blog La Yijad en Eurabia[10] adds his observations:
"It was obviously not possible to enter the Heumarkt. I tried one of the narrow streets of 
the old city; there was a line of antifas with black clothing and sun glasses. They have 
even dared to place one of those plastic red-white stripes in front of them. I told one of 
them that I wanted to cross, they say no way. One of them spoke Spanish, and I ask her 
whether she was any authority, she confirmed it 'we are the authority'. A line of anti-riot 
police agents was only two metres behind them. I can not find a better image of the 
creeping Eurabian fascism: The police not only do not confront them, they cover their 
backs. Alternatively, we may think that the antifa-lefty militants are just the 
stormtroopers (Sturmabteilung?) of the formal police."
A number of those demonstrating for "democracy" and against "extremism" were 
Communists. I guess a hundred million dead victims of Communism in a few generations 
isn't a sign of extremism. Some also carried anti-Israeli slogans and merchandise using 
the icon of Marxist mass murderer and torturer Che Guevara. It is well-known that 
hardline Marxist[11] organisations are still strong and influential[12] in Germany, as in 
many other countries.
Many of those present noticed the militant-looking black outfits of some of the extreme 
Leftist demonstrators, which seemed to match closely with their attitudes. Since the term 
"Fascist" these days appears to be reserved for anti-Islamists and "racist" critics of mass 
immigration in general and Muslim immigration in particular, it is challenging to find a 
proper term for the militant antifa crowd. "Red Nazis" could be useful, but perhaps 
"blackshirts" is most appropriate, alluding to their black clothing and uniforms. 
According to AMDG, "I think that we should repeat this rally every year. We need to show 
the Europeans that the Nazis and the fascists are the lefties. We can only make it by 
insisting. We need to join also the counterdemo with banners showing verses of the 
Koran."
The decision to silence the demonstration against Islamisation was supported by local 
authorities as well as national and probably supranational ones. Thomas Steg, 
spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel, stated that Berlin favored "inter-
cultural dialogue." The German Interior Ministry, too, criticised the rally, stating that 
"Such a gathering of populists and extremists harms the co-existence that the city and 
Muslim citizens have striven for."
Cologne Mayor Fritz Schramma, from the same "conservative" Christian Democratic Party 
(CDU) as Chancellor Merkel, said on public radio[13] that "We don't want their 
conference and along with a great majority of Cologne people we'll be obstructing them."
In my view, Cologne Mayor Fritz Schramma is a dhimmi collaborator. His actions betray 
his city, his country and his civilisation. This was a shameful act of cowardice and 
appeasement of the Nazis of our time. The true heirs of the Nazis and the Communists, 
both in totalitarian mentality and in methods, were the blackshirt left-wingers who were 
present this day, not those who demonstrated against the Islamisation of their continent. 
Schramma should resign immediately. It is nothing less than an international disgrace 
that after Germany has been freed from the Nazis and the Communists, the authorities in 
a major city in the largest country in Europe kneel to totalitarian thugs and allow them to 
rule the streets.
The blackshirts were deliberately allowed by the authorities to harass those who are 
critical of the official pro-Islamic policies. This confirms my long-held suspicion that the 
extreme Leftist thugs who assault immigration-critics in certain countries are a prolonged 
arm of the state. The "anti-Fascists" AFA in Sweden, for instance, openly brag about 
regular physical attacks against people they don't like. They have been doing this for 
years. The media and the authorities know about it and do nothing. They like it, plain and 
simple.
The state-sponsored organisation Expo in Sweden co-published a book with AFA on critics 
of mass immigration. Expo has now provided[14] their material to the largest political 
party in the country, the Social Democrats, for use against their political rivals.  The 
"respectable," state-funded organisation Antirasistisk Senter, the Antiracist Center in 
Norway, at their home page link[15] to AFA Stockholm, which they call "militant Swedish 
anti-Fascists." So they do know they are "militant," but not so much that they won't link 
to them. They also link to Antifaschistische Aktion (AFA) in Berlin, some of whose 
members were probably among the brave "anti-Fascists" who assaulted "racist" old ladies 
and Jewish "Nazis" in Cologne. The other organisations mentioned indicate that these are 
recommended links, not just "relevant links." This is met with silence from the mass 
media and the political class.
Norwegian newspaper Dagens Næringsliv has earlier[16]exposed the fact that the largest 
"anti-racist" organisation in the country, SOS Rasisme (the largest of its kind in Northern 
Europe with 40 000 members), was heavily infiltrated by Communists in the late 1980s 
and early 90s, in other words, during the downfall of Communism in Eastern Europe. 
They went directly from Communism to multiculturalism, which indicates that some of 
them view multiculturalism as the continuation of Communism by other means. SOS 
Rasisme lynch mobs and activists have on several occasions assaulted cultural 
conservatives physically and continue to do so. The organisation receives financial aid 
from the Norwegian government which has totalled several million NOK over the last 
years. As such SOS Rasisme is an extended arm of the Norwegian Labour party, Socialist 
Left Party and Rødt which serves the purpose of silencing political dissidents.
The state-funded Islamic Council of Norway admit that they receive "guidance" from the 
Muslim Brotherhood's spiritual leader Yusuf al-Qaradawi and his Fatwa Council, who are 
debating whether or not gays should be killed, among other things. He has also 
supported suicide bombings and marriage to girls aged nine years old. Meanwhile, a 
Socialist named Lars Gule, who was once arrested traveling to the Jewish state of Israel 
with dynamite in his backpack with the intention of blowing up stuff, suggested on a 
major blog that the security services should have me under surveillance because I am a 
dangerous "right-wing extremist." 
One of the foreign visitors, the Flemish politician Filip Dewinter, criticised[17] Cologne 
Mayor Schramma and compared him to Freddy Thielemans, the Socialist Mayor of 
Brussels, Belgium, who in 2007 and 2008 banned demonstrations commemorating the 
2001 9/11 terror victims in the USA because he didn't want to upset the local Muslims. 
"Brussels and Cologne have mayors who kneel and submit to Islamisation," Dewinter 
said.
I checked the front page of the major American "anti-Jihad" website Little Green 
Footballs (LGF) from Friday 19 to Tuesday September 23 2008 to check what blogger 
Charles Johnson wrote about the demonstration. As far as I could see, he remained 
completely silent on the subject, yet there is no doubt that he was aware of the event. 
On Sep 8 he wrote about Fascists Hijacking Anti-Jihadism in Cologne”[18]" and stated 
that "Here we go again, as an all-star cast of European fascists hijacks the anti-jihad 
movement for their own sick political purposes."
One of these "Fascist bastards" (Johnson's words) was Dewinter, with his "Cities against 
islamisation" project. Mr. Johnson himself noted that the leaders of the Islamic Republic 
of Iran, hardly a beacon of tolerance and enlightenment, urged the European Union (not 
Germany, interestingly enough) to intervene and stop this planned "anti-Islamic" 
meeting, and Johnson concluded that "The Iranian mullahs couldn't have asked for better 
propaganda."
The Iranians[19] put pressure on the EU several times and summoned the French 
ambassador - France held the rotating presidency of the EU - to expressed deep concern 
over the EU's lenient behaviour toward anti-Islamic sentiments in Europe and suggested 
that European authorities prohibited the conference. Shouldn't the "anti-Jihadist" Johnson 
and his followers be concerned over the fact that they end up on the same side as a 
repressive and terrorist-sponsoring Islamic state against Westerners fighting for their 
freedom? Apparently not.
Just a few days before this, the "Fascist bastard" Filip Dewinter[20] received the "Oriana 
Fallaci Prize" in Florence for his work with "Cities Against Islamisation," among other 
things. The prize is named after the courageous Italian Islam-critical journalist and writer 
Oriana Fallaci. The irony is that Mr. Johnson kept a photo of Fallaci on his frontpage for 
several years, but at the time of writing, this photo has suddenly and mysteriously 
disappeared. I guess Fallaci was a Fascist, too, just like Dewinter, myself and everybody 
else who doesn't believe in the myth of a moderate Islam. Dutch politician Geert Wilders 
does not appear to believe in the existence of a moderate Islam, either. When will LGF 
declare him a Fascist?
The LGF-crowd thinks that Europeans must prove that we are 100% "ideologically pure" 
before we should be granted the right to fight for our continued existence. Imagine if a 
house is on fire. The fire brigade has just arrived to put out the fire, but the neighbour 
won't allow them to use the local water because he fears it may be impure. He will only 
accept that they use holy water - distilled holy water - and only if it has been blessed by 
a lesbian priest who supports voting rights for illegal immigrants. Since the firefighters 
don't have this available, the house burns down, but the neighbour takes comforting in 
knowing that at least the remaining ash is ideologically pure. This is Little Green 
Football's attitude to the threat faced by the Western world. In fact, their attitude is to 
say that the water is more dangerous than the fire itself, and to beat the firefighters with 
their umbrellas while screaming "Fascist bastards!"
The thinking seems to be that if you scratch any random European there is usually a Nazi 
lurking underneath, just waiting to get out. There are only two possible versions of 
Europeans: the surrender-monkeys and the Nazis. If we are not the former, then it 
follows by logic that we have to be the latter. This attitude betrays an all-pervasive 
hatred that demonises absolutely anything Europeans do to protect their dignity and 
heritage. It closely mirrors multiculturalism, which is an anti-Western, but especially anti-
European, hate ideology.
One of the reasons why hardcore anti-Semites (David Duke[21] would be a case in point) 
are unreliable allies is that they hate Jews so much that it shuts down the rational parts 
of their brain and they end up making common cause with Muslims, based on mutual 
hatred. The same logic applies to hardcore anti-Europeans, of which there are many even 
at "conservative" websites such as LGF. They have an irrational hatred, a dark cloud in 
their minds which prevents them from seeing the world clearly. In a way, some LGF-ers 
thus have more in common with David Duke than they'd like to admit. If mindless anti-
Semitism and anti-Americanism should be considered a problem then so should mindless 
anti-Europeanism.
This weekend, we witnessed how violent thugs threatened, assaulted and in some cases 
beat up people they disagreed with, several of them Jews. These "anti-Fascist" 
blackshirts are closely related to the violent totalitarian movements of past generations, 
in their dress code, mentality and willingness to silence freedom of speech by brute 
force. In short, they resemble Fascists and Communists (some of them were 
Communists). What has Little Green Footballs, which never misses an opportunity to 
denounce "Fascists," written about this? So far, absolutely nothing. There are indeed 
people who behave like Fascists in Europe, and they receive tacit support from LGF while 
their victims are denounced as "Fascists."
I have watched, for the better part of a year, a number of decent human beings 
including, but not limited to, Pamela Geller, Paul Belien, Diana West, the Baron and 
Dymphna from the Gates of Vienna blog and many others, being at the receiving end of a 
vicious smear campaign from Charles Johnson and Little Green Footballs which is unlike 
anything I have seen in my life. After engaging in an insane witch-hunt on imaginary 
Fascists, whose ranks seem to grow every month, Mr. Johnson now suddenly chooses to 
look the other way in silence when very real Fascists use violence to silence their critics 
in a major Western city. I admit that makes me angry, and I think I have the right to be 
so.
The time has now come for Mr. Johnson to apologise in public to the numerous people he 
has smeared since the fall of 2007, starting with the ones I have mentioned above. It's 
not their credibility that's on the line here. It's his. If he continues to undermine those 
confronting Islamic infiltration, it will become increasingly difficult for LGF to present itself 
as an anti-Jihad website at all. At some point, the rapidly shrinking number of people in 
the northern hemisphere who haven't been banned from the site yet will be forced to ask 
themselves whether the website and its owner have simply switched teams and joined 
the Dark Side.
Further comment:
ANTIFA are often the useful and “extended arm” of the current cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist establishment and they have been active since the 60’s and 70’s. 

