# 2.67 How the diversity industry/ethnic industries/sub-cultures such as Hip-Hop in combination with unrestricted media rights contributes to destroy society

> 原文页码: 628-634

2.67 How the diversity industry/ethnic industries/sub-cultures such as Hip-Hop 
in combination with unrestricted media rights contributes to destroy society 
John H. McWhorter
Not long ago, I was having lunch in a KFC in Harlem, sitting near eight African-American 
boys, aged about 14. Since 1) it was 1:30 on a school day, 2) they were carrying book 
bags, and 3) they seemed to be in no hurry, I assumed they were skipping school. They 
were extremely loud and unruly, tossing food at one another and leaving it on the floor.
Black people ran the restaurant and made up the bulk of the customers, but it was hard 
to see much healthy “black community” here. After repeatedly warning the boys to stop 
throwing food and keep quiet, the manager finally told them to leave. The kids ignored 
her. Only after she called a male security guard did they start slowly making their way 
out, tauntingly circling the restaurant before ambling off. These teens clearly weren’t 
monsters, but they seemed to consider themselves exempt from public norms of 
behaviour—as if they had begun to check out of mainstream society.
What struck me most, though, was how fully the boys’ music—hard-edged rap, preaching 
bone-deep dislike of authority—provided them with a continuing soundtrack to their 
antisocial behaviour. So completely was rap ingrained in their consciousness that every 
so often, one or another of them would break into cocky, expletive-laden rap lyrics, 
accompanied by the angular, bellicose gestures typical of rap performance. A couple of 
his buddies would then join him. Rap was a running decoration in their conversation.
Many writers and thinkers see a kind of informed political engagement, even a 
revolutionary potential, in rap and hip-hop. They couldn’t be more wrong. By reinforcing 
the stereotypes that long hindered blacks, and by teaching young blacks that a thuggish 
adversarial stance is the properly “authentic” response to a presumptively racist society, 
rap retards black success. 
The venom that suffuses rap had little place in black popular culture—indeed, in black 
attitudes—before the 1960s. The hip-hop ethos can trace its genealogy to the emergence 
in that decade of a black ideology that equated black strength and authentic black 
identity with a militantly adversarial stance toward American society. In the angry new 
mood, captured by Malcolm X’s upraised fist, many blacks (and many more white 
liberals) began to view black crime and violence as perfectly natural, even appropriate, 
responses to the supposed dehumanisation and poverty inflicted by a racist society. 
Briefly, this militant spirit, embodied above all in the Black Panthers, infused black 
popular culture, from the plays of LeRoi Jones to “blaxploitation” movies, like Melvin Van 
Peebles’s Sweet Sweetback’s Baadasssss Song, which celebrated the black criminal rebel 
as a hero.
But blaxploitation and similar genres burned out fast. The memory of whites blatantly 
stereotyping blacks was too recent for the typecasting in something like Sweet 
Sweetback’s Baadasssss Song not to offend many blacks. Observed black historian 
Lerone Bennett: “There is a certain grim white humour in the fact that the black marches 
and demonstrations of the 1960s reached artistic fulfilment” with “provocative and 
ultimately insidious reincarnations of all the Sapphires and Studds of yesteryear.”
Early rap mostly steered clear of the Sapphires and Studds, beginning not as a growl 
from below but as happy party music. The first big rap hit, the Sugar Hill Gang’s 1978 
“Rapper’s Delight,” featured a catchy bass groove that drove the music forward, as the 
jolly rapper celebrated himself as a ladies’ man and a great dancer. Soon, kids across 
America were rapping along with the nonsense chorus:
I said a hip, hop, the hippie, the hippie,
to the hip-hip hop, ah you don’t stop 
the rock it to the bang bang boogie, say 
up jump the boogie,
to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat.
A string of ebullient raps ensued in the months ahead. At the time, I assumed it was a 
harmless craze, certain to run out of steam soon.
But rap took a dark turn in the early 1980s, as this “bubble gum” music gave way to a 
“gangsta” style that picked up where blaxploitation left off. Now top rappers began to 
write edgy lyrics celebrating street warfare or drugs and promiscuity. Grandmaster 
Flash’s ominous 1982 hit, “The Message,” with its chorus, “It’s like a jungle sometimes, it 
makes me wonder how I keep from going under,” marked the change in sensibility. It 
depicted ghetto life as profoundly desolate:
You grow in the ghetto, living second rate
And your eyes will sing a song of deep hate.
The places you play and where you stay
Looks like one great big alley way.
You’ll admire all the numberbook takers,
Thugs, pimps and pushers, and the big money makers.
Music critics fell over themselves to praise “The Message,” treating it as the poetry of the 
streets—as the elite media has characterised hip-hop ever since. The song’s grim fatalism 
struck a chord; twice, I’ve heard blacks in audiences for talks on race cite the chorus to 
underscore a point about black victimhood. So did the warning it carried: “Don’t push 
me, ’cause I’m close to the edge,” menacingly raps Melle Mel. The ultimate message of 
“The Message”—that ghetto life is so hopeless that an explosion of violence is both 
justified and imminent—would become a hip-hop mantra in the years ahead.
The angry, oppositional stance that “The Message” reintroduced into black popular 
culture transformed rap from a fad into a multi-billion-dollar industry that sold more than 
80 million records in the U.S. in 2002—nearly 13 percent of all recordings sold. To rap 
producers like Russell Simmons, earlier black pop was just sissy music. He despised the 
“soft, unaggressive music (and non-threatening images)” of artists like Michael Jackson 
or Luther Vandross. “So the first chance I got,” he says, “I did exactly the opposite.” 
In the two decades since “The Message,” hip-hop performers have churned out countless 
rap numbers that celebrate a ghetto life of unending violence and criminality. Schooly D’s 
“PSK What Does It Mean?” is a case in point:
Copped my pistols, jumped into the ride.
Got at the bar, copped some flack,
Copped some cheeba-cheeba, it wasn’t wack.
Got to the place, and who did I see?
A sucka-ass nigga tryin to sound like me.
Put my pistol up against his head—
I said, “Sucka-ass nigga, I should shoot you dead.”
The protagonist of a rhyme by KRS-One (a hip-hop star who would later speak out 
against rap violence) actually pulls the trigger: 
Knew a drug dealer by the name of Peter—
Had to buck him down with my 9 millimetre.
Police forces became marauding invaders in the gangsta-rap imagination. The late West 
Coast rapper Tupac Shakur expressed the attitude:
Ya gotta know how to shake the snakes, nigga,
’Cause the police love to break a nigga,
Send him upstate ’cause they straight up hate the nigga.
Shakur’s anti-police tirade seems tame, however, compared with Ice-T’s infamous “Cop 
Killer”:
I got my black shirt on.
I got my black gloves on.
I got my ski mask on.
This shit’s been too long.
I got my 12-gauge sawed-off.
I got my headlights turned off.
I’m ’bout to bust some shots off.
I’m ’bout to dust some cops off. . . .
I’m ’bout to kill me somethin’
A pig stopped me for nuthin’!
Cop killer, better you than me.
Cop killer, fuck police brutality! . . .
Die, die, die pig, die!
Fuck the police! . . .
Fuck the police yeah!
Rap also began to offer some of the most icily misogynistic music human history has ever 
known. Here’s Schooly D again:
Tell you now, brother, this ain’t no joke,
She got me to the crib, she laid me on the bed,
I fucked her from my toes to the top of my head.
I finally realised the girl was a whore,
Gave her ten dollars, she asked me for some more.
Jay-Z’s “Is That Yo Bitch?” mines similar themes:
I don’t love ’em, I fuck ’em.
I don’t chase ’em, I duck ’em.
I replace ’em with another one. . . .
She be all on my dick.
Or, as N.W.A. (an abbreviation of “Niggers with Attitude”) tersely sums up the hip-hop 
worldview: “Life ain’t nothin’ but bitches and money.”
Rap’s musical accompaniment mirrors the brutality of rap lyrics in its harshness and 
repetition. Simmons fashions his recordings in contempt for euphony. “What we used for 
melody was implied melody, and what we used for music was sounds—beats, scratches, 
stuff played backward, nothing pretty or sweet.” The success of hip-hop has resulted in 
an ironic reversal. In the seventies, screaming hard rock was in fashion among young 
whites, while sweet, sinuous funk and soul ruled the black airwaves—a difference I was 
proud of. But in the eighties, rock quieted down, and black music became the assault on 
the ears and soul. Anyone who grew up in urban America during the eighties won’t soon 
forget the young men strolling down streets, blaring this sonic weapon from their boom 
boxes, with defiant glares daring anyone to ask them to turn it down.
Hip-hop exploded into popular consciousness at the same time as the music video, and 
rappers were soon all over MTV, reinforcing in images the ugly world portrayed in rap 
lyrics. Video after video features rap stars flashing jewelry, driving souped-up cars, 
sporting weapons, angrily gesticulating at the camera, and cavorting with 
interchangeable, mindlessly gyrating, scantily clad women.
Of course, not all hip-hop is belligerent or profane—entire CDs of gang-bangin’, police-
baiting, woman-bashing invective would get old fast to most listeners. But it’s the 
nastiest rap that sells best, and the nastiest cuts that make a career. As I write, the top 
ten best-selling hip-hop recordings are 50 Cent (currently with the second-best-selling 
record in the nation among all musical genres), Bone Crusher, Lil’ Kim, Fabolous, Lil’ Jon 
and the East Side Boyz, Cam’ron Presents the Diplomats, Busta Rhymes, Scarface, Mobb 
Deep, and Eminem. Every one of these groups or performers personifies willful, staged 
opposition to society—Lil’ Jon and crew even regale us with a song called “Don’t Give a 
Fuck”—and every one celebrates the ghetto as “where it’s at.” Thus, the occasional dutiful 
songs in which a rapper urges men to take responsibility for their kids or laments 
senseless violence are mere garnish. Keeping the thug front and center has become the 
quickest and most likely way to become a star.
No hip-hop luminary has worked harder than Sean “P. Diddy” Combs, the wildly 
successful rapper, producer, fashion mogul, and CEO of Bad Boy Records, to cultivate a 
gangsta image—so much so that he’s blurred the line between playing the bad boy and 
really being one. Combs may have grown up middle-class in Mount Vernon, New York, 
and even have attended Howard University for a while, but he’s proven he can gang-bang 
with the worst. Cops charged Combs with possession of a deadly weapon in 1995. In 
1999, he faced charges for assaulting a rival record executive. Most notoriously, police 
charged him that year with firing a gun at a nightclub in response to an insult, injuring 
three bystanders, and with fleeing the scene with his entourage (including then-pal 
Jennifer “J. Lo” Lopez). Combs got off, but his young rapper prot&#eacute;g#é Jamal 
“Shyne” Barrow went to prison for firing the gun.
Combs and his crew are far from alone among rappers in keeping up the connection 
between “rap and rap sheet,” as critic Kelefa Sanneh artfully puts it. Several prominent 
rappers, including superstar Tupac Shakur, have gone down in hails of bullets—with other 
rappers often suspected in the killings. Death Row Records producer Marion “Suge” 
Knight just finished a five-year prison sentence for assault and federal weapons 
violations. Current rage 50 Cent flaunts his bullet scars in photos; cops recently arrested 
him for hiding assault weapons in his car. Of the top ten hip-hop sellers mentioned 
above, five have had scrapes with the law. In 2000, at least five different fights broke out 
at the Source Hiphop Awards—intended to be the rap industry’s Grammys. The final 
brawl, involving up to 100 people in the audience and spilling over onto the stage, shut 
the ceremony down—right after a video tribute to slain rappers. Small wonder a popular 
rap website goes by the name rapsheet.com.
Many fans, rappers, producers, and intellectuals defend hip-hop’s violence, both real and 
imagined, and its misogyny as a revolutionary cry of frustration from disempowered 
youth. For Simmons, gangsta raps “teach listeners something about the lives of the 
people who create them and remind them that these people exist.” 50 Cent recently told 
Vibe magazine, “Mainstream America can look at me and say, ‘That’s the mentality of a 
young man from the ’hood.’ ” University of Pennsylvania black studies professor Michael 
Eric Dyson has written a book-length paean to Shakur, praising him for “challenging 
narrow artistic visions of black identity” and for “artistically exploring the attractions and 
limits of black moral and social subcultures”—just one of countless fawning treatises on 
rap published in recent years. The National Council of Teachers of English, recommending 
the use of hip-hop lyrics in urban public school classrooms (as already happens in schools 
in Oakland, Los Angeles, and other cities), enthuses that “hip-hop can be used as a 
bridge linking the seemingly vast span between the streets and the world of academics.”
But we’re sorely lacking in imagination if in 2003—long after the civil rights revolution 
proved a success, at a time of vaulting opportunity for African Americans, when blacks 
find themselves at the top reaches of society and politics—we think that it signals 
progress when black kids rattle off violent, sexist, nihilistic, lyrics, like Russians reciting 
Pushkin. Some defended blaxploitation pictures as revolutionary, too, but the passage of 
time has exposed the silliness of such a contention. “The message of Sweetback is that if 
you can get it together and stand up to the Man, you can win,” Van Peebles once told an 
interviewer. But win what? All Sweetback did, from what we see in the movie, was avoid 
jail—and it would be nice to have more useful counsel on overcoming than “kicking the 
Man’s ass.” Claims about rap’s political potential will look equally gestural in the future. 
How is it progressive to describe life as nothing but “bitches and money”? Or to tell 
impressionable black kids, who’d find every door open to them if they just worked hard 
and learned, that blowing a rival’s head off is “real”? How helpful is rap’s sexism in a 
community plagued by rampant illegitimacy and an excruciatingly low marriage rate?
The idea that rap is an authentic cry against oppression is all the sillier when you recall 
that black Americans had lots more to be frustrated about in the past but never produced 
or enjoyed music as nihilistic as 50 Cent or N.W.A. On the contrary, black popular music 
was almost always affirmative and hopeful. Nor do we discover music of such violence in 
places of great misery like Ethiopia or the Congo—unless it’s imported American hip-hop. 
Given the hip-hop world’s reflexive alienation, it’s no surprise that its explicit political 
efforts, such as they are, are hardly progressive. Simmons has founded the “Hip-Hop 
Summit Action Network” to bring rap stars and fans together in order to forge a “bridge 
between hip-hop and politics.” But HSAN’s policy positions are mostly tired bromides. 
Sticking with the long-discredited idea that urban schools fail because of inadequate 
funding from the stingy, racist white Establishment, for example, HSAN joined forces with 
the teachers’ union to protest New York mayor Bloomberg’s proposed education budget 
for its supposed lack of generosity. HSAN has also stuck it to President Bush for invading 
Iraq. And it has vociferously protested the affixing of advisory labels on rap CDs that 
warn parents about the obscene language inside. Fighting for rappers’ rights to 
obscenity: that’s some kind of revolution!
Okay, maybe rap isn’t progressive in any meaningful sense, some observers will admit; 
but isn’t it just a bunch of kids blowing off steam and so nothing to worry about? I think 
that response is too easy. With music videos, DVD players, Walkmans, the Internet, 
clothes, and magazines all making hip-hop an accompaniment to a person’s entire 
existence, we need to take it more seriously. In fact, I would argue that it is seriously 
harmful to the black community. 
The rise of nihilistic rap has mirrored the breakdown of community norms among inner-
city youth over the last couple of decades. It was just as gangsta rap hit its stride that 
neighbourhood elders began really to notice that they’d lost control of young black men, 
who were frequently drifting into lives of gang violence and drug dealing. Well into the 
seventies, the ghetto was a shabby part of town, where, despite unemployment and 
rising illegitimacy, a healthy number of people were doing their best to “keep their heads 
above water,” as the theme song of the old black sitcom Good Times put it. 
By the eighties, the ghetto had become a ruleless war zone, where black people were 
their own worst enemies. It would be silly, of course, to blame hip-hop for this sad 
downward spiral, but by glamorising life in the “war zone,” it has made it harder for many 
of the kids stuck there to extricate themselves. Seeing a privileged star like Sean Combs 
behave like a street thug tells those kids that there’s nothing more authentic than ghetto 
pathology, even when you’ve got wealth beyond imagining. 
The attitude and style expressed in the hip-hop “identity” keeps blacks down. Almost all 
hip-hop, gangsta or not, is delivered with a cocky, confrontational cadence that is fast 
becoming—as attested to by the rowdies at KFC—a common speech style among young 
black males. Similarly, the arm-slinging, hand-hurling gestures of rap performers have 
made their way into many young blacks’ casual gesticulations, becoming integral to their 
self-expression. The problem with such speech and mannerisms is that they make 
potential employers wary of young black men and can impede a young black’s ability to 
interact comfortably with co-workers and customers. The black community has gone 
through too much to sacrifice upward mobility to the passing kick of an adversarial hip-
hop “identity.”
On a deeper level, there is something truly unsettling and tragic about the fact that 
blacks have become the main agents in disseminating debilitating—dare I say racist—
images of themselves. Rap guru Russell Simmons claims that “the coolest stuff about 
American culture—be it language, dress, or attitude—comes from the underclass. Always 
has and always will.” Yet back in the bad old days, blacks often complained—with some 
justification—that the media too often depicted blacks simply as uncivilised. Today, even 
as television and films depict blacks at all levels of success, hip-hop sends the message 
that blacks are . . . uncivilised. I find it striking that the cry-racism crowd doesn’t 
condemn it.
For those who insist that even the invisible structures of society reinforce racism, the 
burden of proof should rest with them to explain just why hip-hop’s bloody and sexist 
lyrics and videos and the criminal behaviour of many rappers wouldn’t have a powerfully 
negative effect upon whites’ conception of black people.
Sadly, some black leaders just don’t seem to care what lesson rap conveys. Consider 
Savannah’s black high schools, which hosted the local rapper Camoflauge as a guest 
speaker several times before his murder earlier this year. Here’s a representative lyric:
Gimme tha keys to tha car, I’m ready for war.
When we ride on these niggas smoke that ass like a ’gar.
Hit your block with a Glock, clear the set with a Tech . . . .
You think I’m jokin, see if you laughing when tha pistol be smokin—
Leave you head split wide open 
And you bones get broken. . . .
More than a few of the Concerned Black People inviting this “artist” to speak to the 
impressionable youth of Savannah would presumably be the first to cry out about “how 
whites portray blacks in the media.” 
Far from decrying the stereotypes rampant in rap’s present-day blaxploitation, many hip-
hop defenders pull the “whitey-does-it-too” trick. They point to the Godfather movies or 
The Sopranos as proof that violence and vulgarity are widespread in American popular 
culture, so that singling out hip-hop for condemnation is simply bigotry. Yet such a 
defence is pitifully weak. No one really looks for a way of life to emulate or a political 
project to adopt in The Sopranos. But for many of its advocates, hip-hop, with its 
fantasies of revolution and community and politics, is more than entertainment. It forms 
a bedrock of young black identity.
Nor will it do to argue that hip-hop isn’t “black” music, since most of its buyers are white, 
or because the “hip-hop revolution” is nominally open to people of all colours. That 
whites buy more hip-hop recordings than blacks do is hardly surprising, given that whites 
vastly outnumber blacks nationwide. More to the point, anyone who claims that rap isn’t 
black music will need to reconcile that claim with the widespread wariness among blacks 
of white rappers like Eminem, accused of “stealing our music and giving it back to us.”
At 2 AM on the New York subway not long ago, I saw another scene—more dispiriting 
than my KFC encounter with the rowdy rapping teens—that captures the essence of rap’s 
destructiveness. A young black man entered the car and began to rap loudly—profanely, 
arrogantly—with the usual wild gestures. This went on for five irritating minutes. When 
no one paid attention, he moved on to another car, all the while spouting his doggerel. 
This was what this young black man presented as his message to the world—his oratory, 
if you will.
Anyone who sees such behaviour as a path to a better future—anyone, like Professor 
Dyson, who insists that hip-hop is an urgent “critique of a society that produces the need 
for the thug persona”—should step back and ask himself just where, exactly, the civil 
rights–era blacks might have gone wrong in lacking a hip-hop revolution. They created 
the world of equality, striving, and success I live and thrive in.
A majority of manifestations spawned by Hip-hop create nothing and act like a 
destructive force.

