# 2.68 How the West Lost the Cold War

> 原文页码: 635-641

End note: a further elaboration on the negative impacts of the ethnic industries (and 
solutions to solve them) is found in book 3 of this compendium under the name: “The 
destructive forces of the diversity/ multiculturalist industry, comments and solutions”.  
2.68 How the West Lost the Cold War
By Fjordman
“The world has always belonged to the stronger, and will belong to them for many years to 
come. Men only respect those who make themselves respected. Whoever becomes a lamb 
will find a wolf to eat him. “
Vilfredo Pareto
The girlfriend of a politician from the Sweden Democrats, a small party critical of mass 
immigration, was recently attacked[1] at her home outside Stockholm. The young 
woman was found bound with duct tape[2] in the apartment block where she lives with 
Martin Kinnunen, chairman of the youth wing of the SD. Three men had forced their way 
into the couple’s apartment and held the 19-year-old at knife point. Kinnunen tells of 
several threats and anonymous phone calls to the family. He blames the media[3] for 
systematically portraying the SD as monsters and thus for legitimising aggression against 
them, and claims that the Swedish democracy is a sham.
Antifascistisk Aktion[4], a group that supposedly fights against “racists,” openly brag 
about numerous physical attacks against persons with their full name and address 
published on their website. Only a week after this group harassed a Swedish judge[5] 
and vandalised his house, members demonstrated alongside the Swedish police, the 
Swedish government[6] and the Swedish media establishment during Pride Week, 
Stockholm’s annual gay celebration, in August 2007. At the very end of the Pride Parade 
marched a group of black-clothed and masked representatives of AFA[7]. Adjacent to 
them marched a number of policemen, including members of the Swedish Gay Police 
organisation.
At their website[8], AFA claim to have beaten several homophobes during the event, at 
least one of whom ended up in a hospital. They are Socialists, and as Socialists they are 
convinced that progress can only be made through struggle, and it is implicit that they 
mean violent struggle: “If we want to fight against capitalism, the working class needs to 
be united, and in order to be so intolerance cannot be tolerated. However, if we want to 
fight against intolerance we have to defeat capitalism as an extension of that struggle. 
Hence anti-fascism, feminism and the struggle against homophobia go hand in hand with 
the class struggle!”
According to Politikerbloggen[9], AFA have produced a manual about how to use violence 
in order to paralyze and hurt their opponents, and they encourage their members to 
study it closely. Meanwhile, senior members of law enforcement are too busy waving 
plastic penises to care. It’s all for tolerance, and then there is this small group at the 
back, behind the police, the media and the cultural and political establishment, ready to 
assault, beat up and hospitalise anybody deemed to be insufficiently tolerant.
Several of the Centre Party’s[10] offices were vandalised before the elections in 2006 in 
protest against a proposal for new labour agreements. This was done by a coalition of 
left-wing extremists calling themselves the Invisible Party[11]. AFA participated, as they 
proudly proclaim[12] on their website. The centre-right coalition government which 
gained power that year consists of four parties including the Centre Party. A year later, 
representatives from this government walked alongside the same group which had 
attacked their offices a few months earlier.
Broderskapsrörelsen[13] (“The Brotherhood”), an organisation of Christian members of 
the Swedish Social Democratic Party, has decided[14] to establish a network for people 
of other faiths, which largely seems to mean Muslims. Its leader Peter Weiderud says that 
“I’m incredibly happy that a unanimous congress now leaves the door open for Muslims 
and others to work together with us in the Brotherhood; this is going to enrich us all and 
help the [Social Democratic] Party to better influence the Swedish society.” For 
Abdulkader Habib, active within the Muslim Brotherhood, the decision is a historic step 
which shows that the dividing lines in society do not go between religions, but within 
religions: “Faith and politics are intertwined for many Muslims, which is why the decision 
to create this network is a key to the crucial work for integration that we need to do.” 
“We shouldn’t disregard the importance of people’s [religious] faith,” says deputy leader 
Cecilia Dalman-Eek. “At the same time, this is both instructive and inspiring for us 
Christians within the Brotherhood. This is about an exciting growth of new mass 
movements and is a part of the new Sweden.”
The Social Democrat Ola Johansson, a member of the Brotherhood, has referred to the 
book Social Justice in Islam by Sayyid Qutb, the notorious Muslim Brotherhood member 
who has become the spiritual guide for Islamic Jihad terrorists worldwide, as a proof that 
Muslims support the welfare state and can thus make common cause with the Socialists.
According to writer Nima Sanandaji[15], the Social Democrats have started fishing for 
votes with the help of radical Muslims clergies such as the influential leader Mahmoud 
Aldebe. In 1999, Aldebe proposed that sharia, Islamic law, be introduced in Sweden. In 
2003 he involved himself in a heated debate regarding an incident of honour killing 
where a Kurdish girl was murdered by her two uncles. Aldebe forcefully defended the 
perpetrators and viewed the debate regarding honour-related murders as an attack 
against the Islamic religion.
In 2006, the Muslim Association of Sweden demanded in a letter, signed by its leader 
Mahmoud Aldebe, separate family laws regulating marriage and divorce, public schools 
with imams teaching homogeneous classes of Muslims children their religion and the 
language of their original homeland, and a “mosque in every municipality to be built 
through interest-free loans made available by the local municipalities.” This to 
demonstrate “Islam’s right to exist in Sweden” and to “heighten the status of and respect 
towards Muslims.” The demands were rejected by the Social Democrats then, but it now 
appears as if they have recognised that they need to cooperate with the fast-growing 
Muslim community if they want to regain power, so we shouldn’t be surprised to see calls 
for the use of sharia law in family matters by an otherwise officially feminist party.
The Social Democrats narrowly lost the elections in 2006, and appear to have decided 
that the way to regain and maintain power is to import voters, a strategy adopted by 
many of their sister parties[16] in Western Europe. The Muslim Association of Sweden is 
generally viewed as ideologically inspired by the Muslim Brotherhood.
The current leader of the Social Democrats, Mona Sahlin[17], thinks that “the Sweden 
Democrats are a right-wing party. It is a misogynistic and xenophobic party.” The “party 
is a threat to a Sweden that I believe many of us love — an open, unprejudiced and 
tolerant Sweden.” 
Whatever else one thinks about that party, I’m not so sure the Muslim Brotherhood are 
less “misogynistic.” According to journalist Kurt Lundgren[18], Sahlin, expected to 
become the next Prime Minister, was a participant in the Pride Festival where she was 
graduated, after several questions, to the F***ing Medal Award. Has she given some 
thought to what effect this will have in a country with exploding rape statistics[19]? 
According to the blogger Dick Erixon[20], the number of reported rapes in Sweden is now 
three times as high as in New York. NY has roughly the same number of inhabitants, but 
it is a metropolis, whereas Sweden is a country with mostly rural areas and villages. 
Swedish girls are called “infidel whores” on a regular basis and are increasingly scared to 
go outside, yet the nation’s arguably most powerful woman takes the F***ing Medal 
Award. How will that be perceived by Muslim immigrants?
Moreover, how will her views on sexual liberation be reconciled with her party’s 
cooperation with the Muslim Brotherhood, since several of its senior international 
leaders[21] have indicated that gays should be killed? The Swedish Church has recently 
announced that it will allow gay couples to marry in church. Will Sahlin and the Social 
Democrats also make sure that gay couples should be allowed to marry in mosques 
controlled by the MB? More interestingly, will AFA attack them for homophobia if they 
refuse?
Marcos Cantera Carlomagno in 1995 published a PhD thesis at Lund University describing 
a series of letters sent by Per Albin Hansson[22], leader of the Social Democrats and 
Prime Minister between 1932 and 1946, who worked for the establishment of 
“Folkhemmet,” the People’s Home, as the Swedish welfare state model became known as. 
Hansson was a dear pen pal with Italy’s Fascist leader Mussolini and praised the 
corporate, Fascist system where the entire economy and each individual were intimately 
tied to and subordinate to the state. Hansson was positively disposed to Fascism and saw 
his welfare state as a related concept. After mentioning his work in a local newspaper, 
Carlomagno was called by his supervisor who stated in anger that his scholarship would 
be cut off. Carlomagno’s work was totally ignored by the entire media and political 
establishment in Sweden when it appeared in the 1990s.
Why did this information meet with such repression? Because the power of the political 
and cultural establishment is not based on reasoned discussion but on shaming 
opponents and branding them as evil with words loaded with emotions and taboo. Terms 
such as “racist”, “Fascist”, and “Nazi” automatically shut down any rational discussion of a 
subject. The irony is that a similar strategy was employed with great success by.....the 
Nazis.
Adolf Hitler described how to use “spiritual terror” to intimidate and silence opponents, a 
technique he learned from watching the Socialists and the Social Democrats. He 
understood “the infamous spiritual terror which this movement exerts, particularly on the 
bourgeoisie, which is neither morally nor mentally equal to such attacks; at a given sign 
it unleashes a veritable barrage of lies and slanders against whatever adversary seems 
most dangerous, until the nerves of the attacked persons break down and, just to have 
peace again, they sacrifice the hated individual… Conversely, they praise every weakling 
on the opposing side, sometimes cautiously, sometimes loudly, depending on the real or 
supposed quality of his intelligence.”
In 2006, the newspaper Dagens Nyheter reported that following recommendations from 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, priests in the Swedish Church[23] applied German race 
laws from 1937 onwards. According to Lund University’s Professor Anders Jarlert, who led 
the research, any Swede who wanted to marry an Aryan German was forced to sign an 
affirmation stating that none of the German’s grandparents were Jewish. History 
Professor Stig Ekman told DN that Sweden’s culture of silence and secrecy is one reason 
why this is appearing only now, generations later. In 1937, the Swedish government was 
controlled by the Social Democrats, yet despite this evidence that they applied Nazi race 
laws, party members still get away with denouncing critics of their immigration policies 
as neo-Nazis, racists or Fascists.
In the book The New Totalitarians, the British historian Roland Huntford in the early 
1970s pointed out that Socialist professor Gunnar Myrdal and his wife Alva, both highly 
influential ideologists in developing the Swedish welfare state, had intimate connections 
with the German academic world during the Nazi age. Gunnar Myrdal served as both a 
member of parliament and later as a government minister for the Social Democrats 
during this period. According to Huntford: “The professor was then a Nazi sympathiser, 
publicly describing Nazism as the movement of youth and the movement of the future. In 
Myrdal’s defence, it must be pointed out that, whatever his other propensities, Hitler did 
have advanced ideas on social welfare, and that the social ideology of the German Nazis 
and the Swedish Social Democrats had much in common. Until the mid 1930s, Nazism 
had considerable attractions for those who favoured a benevolent and authoritarian 
state.”
Gunnar and Alva Myrdal promoted the idea of positive eugenics and forced sterilisation 
programs against those with “weak genes.” This started in Sweden even before Nazi 
Germany, and it continued longer.
The Nazis called themselves national Socialists, and they took the Socialist component of 
their ideology quite seriously[24]. They never nationalised all assets of production as the 
Communists did. They left nominal ownership in private hands, but production was in 
reality controlled by the state[25]. The Nazis were thus to the left, economically, 
compared to many of the labour parties in Western Europe today. As Adolf Hitler stated in 
1927: “We are Socialists, enemies, mortal enemies of the present capitalist economic 
system with its exploitation of the economically weak, with its injustice in wages, with its 
immoral evaluation of individuals according to wealth and money instead of responsibility 
and achievement, and we are determined under all circumstances to abolish this 
system!”
The Muslim Brotherhood were also fans of the European Fascist and Nazi movements in 
the 1930s, as they are of welfare state[26] Socialism now. In Origins of Fascism, 
historian Walter Laqueur notes similarities between Islam and Nazism: “A German 
Catholic émigré writer Edgar Alexander (Edgar Alexander Emmerich) published an 
interesting work in 1937 in Switzerland entitled The Hitler Mythos (which was translated 
into English and reprinted after World War Two) in which he compared National Socialism 
with ‘Mohammedanism’ (...) He referred frequently to Hitler’s ‘Mohammedanism’ but 
made it clear that this referred only to external organisational forms (whatever this 
meant), to mass psychological effects and militant fanaticism. Alexander believed that 
Mohammed’s religion was based on sincere religious fanaticism (combined with political 
impulses) whereas Hitler’s (political) religion and its fanaticism had different sources.”
In Laqueur’s view, Fascism was less monolithic than Communism, as there were 
significant differences in theory and practice from country to country. The French Marxist 
Orientalist Maxime Rodinson wrote a polemic against the influential philosopher and 
fellow left-winger Michel Foucault who welcomed the Islamic Revolution in Iran. According 
to Rodinson, Khomeini and Islamic groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood constituted a 
form of “archaic fascism.” Ibn Warraq[27] has used an outline of the Fascist ideology 
made by Italian novelist Umberto Eco and found that most of its defining hallmarks are 
shared by Islam.
German sociologist Theodor Adorno was a member of the Frankfurt School and was 
influenced by Georg Lukács, one of Gramsci’s fellow cultural Marxists. The Authoritarian 
Personality, a book carrying Adorno’s name but in reality produced by the combined 
efforts of a number of people from the Frankfurt School, was extremely influential in the 
United States in the generation following WW2 and contributed to the Allied 
denazification program in Germany. Working at the University of Berkeley, California, 
during and after the war, Adorno and others such as the German-Jewish thinker Max 
Horkheimer through a large number of interviews tried to establish that what led to the 
rise of Nazi Germany was the predominance of a particular kind of authoritarian 
personality, which happened to be closely tied to conservative viewpoints. In their view, 
this was not just the case in Nazi Germany; there were large numbers of potential 
Fascists all over the Western world.
The authors developed the so-called F-scale (F for “Fascist”) to measure the 
psychological indicators of an authoritarian personality. They identified several key 
dimensions of a protofascist personality, which included favoring traditional morality, 
close family ties and strong support of religion. It also included aggression, stereotypes, 
a preoccupation with oppression, dominance and destruction and an obsession with sex. 
The solution to root out this authoritarian personality was above all to be found in the 
breakdown and transformation of the traditional family structure.. 
It is striking to notice that these writers were inspired by a Marxist worldview and 
consistently refused to see the heavy Socialist influences on the Nazi ideology. Adorno 
and others argued that “late capitalism” had developed tools to resist the rise of a 
Socialist society, above all the use of popular culture and education. They apparently 
concluded that what led to the rise of the Nazis were traditional and “conservative” 
viewpoints.
But the Nazis weren’t conservatives. They should more properly be understood as a 
revolutionary Socialist movement, albeit one with powerful racialist and anti-Semitic 
overtones. Judging from the death toll produced by Socialist regimes both prior to and 
after them, it is tempting to conclude that the destruction brought by the Nazis owed at 
least as much to the Socialist as to the nationalist element of their ideology. The Origins 
of Totalitarianism by Hannah Arendt, published in 1951, a year after The Authoritarian 
Personality, was somewhat closer to understanding the commonalities between the 
Soviet Union and Nazi Germany.
However, since the Nazis have by now been dubbed a “far-right” movement, anybody 
considered to be a “right-winger” or conservative is thus supposedly closer to them than 
Socialists are, which automatically makes them suspect. Much of the power of the 
political Left throughout the West is based on such guilt-by-association, which is why it 
would be a disaster for their power base if it were to be demonstrated that the Swedish 
Social Democrats, the darlings of the political Left internationally, were close to the 
Fascists and the Nazis. They now display great affection for Islam, another thing they 
have in common with the Nazis.
Many of the stories in the famous The Book of One Thousand and One Nights[28] 
(Arabian Nights), though frequently based on much older Persian and Indian tales, are 
said to have taken place during the rule of the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid in Baghdad 
in the late 8th and early 9th century. Few seem to remember that the first prototype of 
the yellow badge for Jews employed by the Nazis were developed by him, based on the 
regulations for dhimmis in Islamic teachings. He ordered Jews to wear yellow belts, 
Christians blue belts. This practice was later imported to Europe via medieval Spain and 
Portugal under Islamic rule.
Muhammad Amin al-Husayni[29], the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, Arab nationalist leader, a 
leading force behind the establishment of the Arab League and a spiritual father of the 
PLO, was a close collaborator with Nazi Germany and personally met with Adolf Hitler. In 
a radio broadcast from Berlin he called upon Muslims to kill Jews wherever they could 
find them. Dieter Wisliceny was the deputy of Adolf Eichmann, the organiser of the 
Holocaust and reportedly the inventor of the phrase the “Final Solution to the Jewish 
Question.” During the Nuremberg trials, Wisliceny stated that the Mufti “was one of 
Eichmann’s best friends and had constantly incited him to accelerate the extermination 
measures. I heard him say, accompanied by Eichmann, he had visited incognito the gas 
chambers of Auschwitz.”
Serge Trifkovic in his book The Sword of the Prophet documents how al-Husayni recruited 
Bosnian and Albanian Muslims for Waffen SS units in the Balkans[30]. Yugoslavia wanted 
to extradite al-Husayni for war crimes after WW2, but he fled to Egypt and continued his 
war against Jews. Orthodox Christian Serbs had to wear blue armbands, Jews yellow 
armbands. This clearly demonstrates that for Muslims this was a Jihad against 
disobedient dhimmis, and thus a continuation of the Turkish and Kurdish genocide 
against Armenians a few years earlier which was one of the inspirations for the 
Holocaust. More than a quarter of a million Serbs, Jews and Romani people (Gypsies) 
were killed by these Muslims troops. The leader of the Nazi SS troops Heinrich Himmler 
was impressed and stated to Propaganda Minister Josef Goebbels that Islam was “a very 
practical and attractive religion for soldiers.”
He was far from the only person seeing a close correlation between Nazism and Islam. 
Karl Jung[31], in The Symbolic Life from 1939, stated that: “We do not know whether 
Hitler is going to found a new Islam. (He is already on the way; he is like Mohammad. 
The emotion in Germany is Islamic; warlike and Islamic. They are all drunk with wild 
god). That can be the historic future.” In The Second World War, Vol. I (The Gathering 
Storm), Winston Churchill wrote about Adolf Hitler’s autobiography Mein Kampf: “Here 
was the new Koran of faith and war: turgid, verbose, shapeless, but pregnant with its 
message.”
Medieval anti-Jewish pogroms in Europe could be brutal, but still normally of limited 
scope. To commit evil on a truly monumental scale, you need the support of ideology 
backed by bureaucrats, jurists and the machinery of a totalitarian state. Since Socialism 
generally leads in a totalitarian direction, which has also been facilitated by technological 
and industrial advances, a Socialist society will make large-scale massacres more likely..
The Hungarian author Imre Kertész[32], Holocaust survivor and winner of the Nobel Prize 
in Literature, writes in the magazine signandsight.com[33] that “the genuine novelties of 
the twentieth century were the totalitarian state and Auschwitz. The anti-Semitism of the 
nineteenth century, for instance, was as yet barely able, nor even would have wished, to 
imagine a Final Solution. Auschwitz, therefore, cannot be accounted for by the common-
or-garden, archaic, not to say classical concepts of anti-Semitism. (...) Eichmann testified 
during his trial in Jerusalem that he was never an anti-Semite, and although those who 
were in the courtroom burst into laughter, it is not inconceivable that he was being 
truthful. In order to murder millions of Jews the totalitarian state had need, in the final 
analysis, not so much of anti-Semites as good organisers. We need to see clearly that no 
totalitarianism of party or state can exist without discrimination, and the totalitarian form 
of discrimination is necessarily mass murder.”
Kertész also warns, timely in these Multicultural days, that “a civilisation that does not 
clearly proclaim its values, or which leaves these proclaimed values high and dry, is 
stepping on the path to perdition and terminal debility. Then others will pronounce their 
values, and in the mouths of these others they will no longer be values but just so many 
pretexts for untrammelled power, untrammelled destruction.”
Following the Cold War, the West was stuck with a large fifth column[34] in our media 
and academia of people who were disappointed after the sudden collapse of the 
alternative to capitalism. They are slaves emancipated against their will, desperately in 
search of a new master. Their hatred for the Established Order never subsided when 
Marxism suffered a blow to its credibility. On the contrary, on some levels it increased. 
Although their attacks on the Christian, capitalist West are less ideologically coherent 
than in the past, this does not make them any less passionate.
They have decided to pursue the course of a gradual transformation of society through 
the education system and through destroying the family structure. The radicals have 
renewed hope of a violent upheaval. With the mass importation of Muslims, who have 
displayed such a wonderful talent for violence, and with rising ethnic tensions within the 
West, maybe they can finally get the armed revolution they were longing for.
The Swedish Social Democrats were pro-Fascist and pro-Nazi during the 1930s and 40s, 
appeased the Communists during the Cold War and cooperate with repressive and violent 
Islamic organisations today. They have consistently supported or appeased some of the 
worst societies and ideologies in human history, which between themselves have killed 
more than 150 million people in a few generations. Yet they are the good guys, the 
poster boys of the political Left throughout the world.
Now they forge an alliance with the Muslim Brotherhood, another organisation with close 
ideological ties to the Fascist and Nazi movements. At a time when native Swedes are 
raped, stabbed, killed and chased out[35] of their homes by Muslim gangs, the Social 
Democrats agree to continue allowing Muslims to colonise the country in exchange for 
their votes. In the old days this would be called treason. Now it’s called tolerance. It’s 
remarkable how similar the two concepts have become. Two Fascist-inspired movements 
cooperate on exploiting and abusing the native population of a country, force them fund 
and applaud their own colonisation and denounce them as bigots, racists and Fascists if 
they resist. The strategy is as brilliant as it is evil.
Why do they get away with this? How come Socialists can stab their own people in the 
back, ally themselves openly with some of the most violent and repressive movements 
on earth and still manage to portray themselves as beacons of goodness? I am tempted 
to agree with former Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovsky[36]: The West didn’t win the 
Cold War, at least not as decisively as we should have done. The belief-system we were 
up against has been allowed to mutate and regain some of its former strength[37]. We 
haven’t defeated Socialism until we stage a Nuremberg trial and demonstrate clearly that 
the suffering, repression and massacres caused by Socialist regimes from Vietnam via 
the Ukraine to the Baltic were a direct result of Socialist doctrines.
Source:

