# 2.70 Give the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali

> 原文页码: 643-644

so. From time to time one needs to breathe the air of freedom before submerging again 
in the stifling atmosphere of Europe.
America’s “conservative reserves” are far stronger than Europe’s, because America, 
unlike secular Europe, has remained rooted to a larger extent in traditional Christian 
values. I do not doubt that if these values continue to decline in the U.S., American 
culture will collapse as European culture and civilisation have collapsed. However, 
America can learn from the impending European catastrophe, and avoid a similar fate.
The old European civilisation – the pre-secular or the pre-post-Christian one – will live on 
in the U.S. If it perishes there too, mankind will relapse into the dark ages that are now 
taking hold of Europe, the cradle of Western civilisation.
I suppose one could feel sad about all this, but sadness is not what I feel. One can feel 
compassion for those who die in accidents, fall in battle or get murdered (like the 
countless unborn children that perish every day) but can one pity those who have killed 
their own future for the pleasures of the present? Europe’s predicament, I repeat, is 
entirely self-inflicted. Not Islam is to blame. Secularism is.
The coming decade will witness the war between the values of Islam and the secular 
“values” of the decadent, hedonistic post-Marxist Left. We have seen the assassinations 
of Pim Fortuyn and Theo van Gogh, last November’s prelude to the French civil war, the 
Danish cartoon case. This is just the beginning of the beginning. I do not consider myself 
a pessimist, merely a realist. It is quite clear who is going to lose – and whose fault that 
will be.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/852
2.70 Give the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Today, Al Gore and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, represented by Dr. 
R.K. Pachauri, will receive the Nobel Peace Prize for 2007 in Oslo, Norway. The Peace 
Prize has been viewed by many as something of a joke after it was awarded to the 
Jihadist Yasser Arafat and to appeasers of Jihad like Jimmy Carter. However, it still 
generates a lot of media attention. If the Nobel Committee wants to stay relevant they 
need to do some changes. The greatest challenge to world peace right now is not global 
warming, it's global Jihad. I therefore suggest that the next Peace Prize should be 
awarded to Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
I have had a few minor disagreements with Hirsi Ali in the past, mainly because she has 
on some occasions compared Islam to other religions like Christianity and Judaism, which 
I believe is wrong. However, her views on this have matured considerably, and because 
of her background she has made criticism of Islam acceptable to people who would 
otherwise find it difficult to digest the arguments she presents, even though they are 
perfectly correct. She is no doubt an extremely courageous person. In spite of death 
threats she has never hesitated in pointing out that many of the problems in the Islamic 
world are caused by Islam itself. She is an invaluable asset to the fight against global 
Jihad and as worthy of the Prize as any other living person.
In my view, the Norwegian Nobel Committee will soon have to make a choice: If they 
want the Nobel Peace Prize to be a Global Celebrity Award for Outstanding Achievements 
in Political Correctness, they can give the next one to Bono of rock group U2. Or, they 
can do something meaningful, something that will actually advance the cause of peace 
and human liberty around the world, and award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2008 to Ayaan 
Hirsi Ali.
Since members of national assemblies and parliaments can nominate candidates for the 
Prize, I hereby challenge MPs from the Progress Party in my country, or MPs from any 
infidel nation, to nominate Hirsi Ali. Other alternatives can be mentioned, too. Ibn 
Warraq, Ali Sina and Wafa Sultan are all worthy recipients of the Prize for their work and 
for championing the rights of one of the most abused and oppressed groups of people on 
the planet: Former Muslims who defy the traditional death penalty for leaving Islam.
Or, if the members of the Committee want somebody with a non-Muslim background, 
what about Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who has remained steadfast in opposing 
Islamisation despite the murders of his countrymen Theo van Gogh and Pim Fortuyn and 
the exile of Hirsi Ali? Author Robert Spencer, director of the website Jihad Watch, who 
patiently monitors the spread of Jihad terrorism across the world, is another excellent 
choice, as is Bat Ye'or, whose unique work on the plight of non-Muslims under Islamic 
rule has contributed immensely to our understanding of both the past and the present.
Being Norwegian myself, I would also like to make a suggestion to Norwegian authorities: 
Norway is, or at least was the last time I checked, the planet's third largest exporter of 
oil, after Saudi Arabia and Russia. If Saudi Arabia, the world's largest exporter of oil, 
spends money on promoting Jihad and sharia, is it not fair that Norway, the world's third 
largest exporter of oil, should spend a little on combating the same? The Norwegian 
Petroleum Fund amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars. Norwegian authorities could 
easily create a fund of a billion dollars or more earmarked for the defence of persons 
threatened for criticising Islam. That's the least we can do in return for being blessed 
with wealth we did very little to earn.
This fund could be called the Theo van Gogh Memorial Fund, the Asma bint Marwan 
Memorial Fund after the poetess who was killed by Muhammad's followers 1400 years 
ago for mocking Islam, or perhaps the Charles Martel Foundation for Intercultural 
Understanding. Most citizens in my country wouldn't even notice if we spent a billion 
dollars on this, but such a fund, whatever we choose to call it, could have a big impact on 
the lives of people struggling to get their message across or simply to stay alive in the 
face of death threats.
It is true that smaller nations cannot win major ideological wars on their own, but that is 
no excuse for not doing our share. Israel is also a small nation, yet it has managed to 
hold the line against Jihad for decades, and Denmark, the only Scandinavian country with 
some spine left, has left its mark, too, in recent years.
We can make a difference. Norway was the fourth-largest shipping nation in the world at 
the outbreak of WW2 and was of major importance to the allied convoys in the Atlantic 
which kept the war efforts alive. A British publication stated that the Norwegian Merchant 
Fleet then was "worth as much to the allied cause as a million soldiers." We are currently 
faced with a world war of a different nature, and if we can make contributions that 
matter for the outcome of this great struggle for freedom then we should do so. It's time 
to make a stand. I would like my country to be remembered for something other than 
awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Yasser Arafat or for sponsoring the Palestinian 
government and their terrorist cronies.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2755

