# 2.71 Nobel Peace Prize Awarded for Appeasement of Jihad… again

> 原文页码: 645-645

2.71 Nobel Peace Prize Awarded for Appeasement of Jihad… again
By Fjordman
Granting this year’s Nobel Peace Prize to Finnish diplomat Martti Ahtisaari[1], known for 
his role in establishing a Jihadist state in Kosovo, makes the Peace Prize even more of a 
joke than it already was. Those who want an alternative view on the situation in the 
Balkans can read the essays of Serge Trifkovic and his book Defeating Jihad: How the 
War on Terrorism Can Be Won — in Spite of Ourselves.
As Chief United Nations negotiator for Kosovo, Ahtisaari caused anger in Serbia when he 
stated that “Serbs are guilty as a people,” implying that they would have to pay for it, 
possibly by losing Kosovo. It is one thing to criticise the Milosevic regime. It is quite 
another thing to claim that “Serbs are guilty as a people.” If anybody in the Balkans can 
be called guilty as a people, it is the Turks, not the Serbs. The Turks have left a trail of 
blood across much of Europe, Asia Minor, and the Mediterranean for centuries, 
culminating in the Armenian genocide in the 20th century, which Turkey still refuses to 
acknowledge, let alone apologise for.
As I’ve indicated before, if the Peace Prize is supposed to serve any real purpose, it 
needs to be awarded to persons who confront Jihad, not appease it like Martti Ahtisaari 
and Jimmy Carter, or promote it like Yasser Arafat:
As I have written previously in “Give the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali[2]”:
In my view, the Norwegian Nobel Committee will soon have to make a choice: If they 
want the Nobel Peace Prize to be a Global Celebrity Award for Outstanding Achievements 
in Political Correctness, they can give the next one to Bono of rock group U2. Or, they 
can do something meaningful, something that will actually advance the cause of peace 
and human liberty around the world, and award the Nobel Peace Prize to Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Since members of national assemblies and parliaments can nominate candidates for the 
Prize, I hereby challenge MPs from the Progress Party in my country, or MPs from any 
infidel nation, to nominate Hirsi Ali. Other alternatives can be mentioned, too. Ibn 
Warraq, Ali Sina and Wafa Sultan are all worthy recipients of the Prize for their work and 
for championing the rights of one of the most abused and oppressed groups of people on 
the planet: Former Muslims who defy the traditional death penalty for leaving Islam.
Or, if the members of the Committee want somebody with a non-Muslim background, 
what about Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who has remained steadfast in opposing 
Islamisation despite the murders of his countrymen Theo van Gogh and Pim Fortuyn and 
the exile of Hirsi Ali? Author Robert Spencer, director of the website Jihad Watch, who 
patiently monitors the spread of Jihad terrorism across the world, is another excellent 
choice, as is Bat Ye’or, whose unique work on the plight of non-Muslims under Islamic 
rule has contributed immensely to our understanding of both the past and the present.
Being Norwegian myself, I would also like to make a suggestion to Norwegian authorities: 
Norway is, or at least was the last time I checked, the planet’s third largest exporter of 
oil, after Saudi Arabia and Russia. If Saudi Arabia, the world’s largest exporter of oil, 
spends money on promoting Jihad and sharia, is it not fair that Norway, the world’s third 
largest exporter of oil, should spend a little on combating the same? The Norwegian 
Petroleum Fund amounts to hundreds of billions of dollars. Norwegian authorities could 
easily create a fund of a billion dollars or more earmarked for the defence of persons 
threatened for criticising Islam. That’s the least we can do in return for being blessed 

