# 2.72 Green is the new Red - Stop Enviro-Communism!

> 原文页码: 646-648

with wealth we did very little to earn.
This fund could be called the Theo van Gogh Memorial Fund, the Asma bint Marwan 
Memorial Fund after the poetess who was killed by Muhammad’s followers 1400 years 
ago for mocking Islam, or perhaps the Charles Martel Foundation for Intercultural 
Understanding. Most citizens in my country wouldn’t even notice if we spent a billion 
dollars on this, but such a fund, whatever we choose to call it, could have a big impact on 
the lives of people struggling to get their message across or simply to stay alive in the 
face of death threats.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/10/nobel-peace-prize-awarded-for.html
1. http://www.adnkronos.com/AKI/English/Politics/?id=3.0.2568763782
2. http://www.globalpolitician.com/23884-islamism
2.72 Green is the new Red - Stop Enviro-Communism!
You might know them as environmentalists, enviro-communists, eco-
Marxists, neo-Communists or eco-fanatics. They all claim they want to 
save the world from global warming but their true agenda is to 
contribute to create a world government lead by the UN or in other 
ways increase the transfer of resources (redistribute resources) from 
the developed Western world to the third world. They hope to 
accomplish this through the distribution of misinformation 
(propaganda) which they hope will lead to increased taxation of 
already excessively taxed Europeans and US citizens. 
The neo-communist agenda uses politicised science to propagate the 
global warming scam in order to implement their true agenda; global 
Marxism.  Marxism’s ultimate goal is to redistribute wealth from 
successful nations to failed nations, instead of actually trying to fix 
these broken nations. Politicised science is being used by the cultural 
Marxist hegemony to manipulate the unsuspecting masses. They are 
using our trust and faith in science to spread lies and hysteria that will 
allow Marxists to implement socialist “solutions” to a problem that 
never actually existed.
To quote one of these UN eco-Marxist elites:
“Isn’t the only hope for the planet that the industrialised civilisations collapse? Isn’t it part 
of our responsibility to bring that about?”
This quote was from the opening statement of Maurice Strong in the 1992 ‘Earth Summit’ 
in Rio de Janeiro. Strong is the first Executive Director of the United Nations Environment 
Program (UNEP).
Yuri Bezmenov, former KGB agent and expert on ideological subversion.
“A person who is demoralised is unable to assess true information” 
Here are a few more sources indicating the true agenda of the eco-Marxists:
"Environmentalism should be regarded on the same level with religion "as the only 
compelling, value-based narrative available to humanity," according to a paper written in 
2007 to influence the future strategy of the United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP), 
the world's would-be environmental watchdog."[1]
Watch how nations are demoralised for ideological subversion:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_xdBnFPqOI&feature=related
That's exactly what is happening with the Anthropogenic Global Warming scam; too 
many people are too demoralised to assess true information about Socialism, 
Communism, and climate change to allow its use for other agendas on the hands of the 
useful idiots “the leftists” as former KGB agent Yuri Bezmenov calls them.
Enviro-communism is a new twisted idea of redistribution of wealth through 
“environmental” policies and the Copenhagen Climate Change Conference 2009 is the 
perfect manifestation of it. Environmental Justice is the new Social Justice; Climate Debt 
is the new Redistribution of Wealth, Anthropogenic Global Warming scam is the 
Communism. 
Under current Copenhagen draft treaty, developed countries are expected to fund clean 
energy in developing countries, which could result in an annual transfer of almost € 100 
billion per year by 2020.[2]
Please see Lord Christopher Monckton's speech:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMe5dOgbu40&feature=player_embedded
PLEASE read the SHOCKING Communist Goals (1963) that already started being 
implemented and will be discussed next December in the Copenhagen Climate Change 
treaty drafts 2009:
http://www.uhuh.com/nwo/communism/comgoals.htm
Barak Obama received the Nobel Peace prize for exactly the same reason Al Gore did. 
The prize is given by Thorbjørn Jagland, Chair of the Nobel Committee who was also the 
Vice President of Socialist International. One can think they are pushing a global agenda 
of Enviro-Communism or Eco-Marxism that will force Europe and the US to cater for the 
global Eco-Marxist agenda. Their end goal is to “punish” European countries (US 
included) for capitalism and success.
The Marxist agenda of the Climate Change Conference 2009 was to discuss the 
totalitarian idea of World Government, transfer of wealth from Western countries to 3rd 
world countries under what they call “Climate debt”, because allegedly western countries 
have been burning CO2 and 3rd world countries haven’t! 
Have you tried breathing in a third world country lately? 
It is a fact that developed countries are by far less polluted than developing countries, 
where people are actually dying form pollution. “Transferring wealth” to 3rd world 
countries under an unelected world government, to countries that are mostly governed 
by autocratic rulers will only help the sustainability of dictatorship, pollution and fascism, 
and more plights to the citizens living under these regimes by supporting their dictators 
financially to sustain regimes that would otherwise collapse by their own demeanor. The 
aim of this Conspiracy is to help the sustainability of 3rd world Communism, Socialism 
and dictatorship to save the fanatic leftist forms of government while weakening 
Capitalism by what they call “climate debt”. 
You can give Communism all the new colours you want, fascism will always have the 
same ugly face. 
Climategate incident – exposing the eco-Marxist scam
On Thursday 19th November 2009 news began to circulate that hacked documents and 
communications from the University of East Anglia’s Hadley Climate Research Unit (aka 
CRU) had been published to the internet.
The information revealed how top scientists conspired to falsify data in the face of 
declining global temperatures in order to prop up the premise that man-made factors are 
driving climate change.
The documents and emails illustrated how prominent climatologists, affiliated with the 
UN’s International Panel on Climate Change, embarked on a venomous and coordinated 
campaign to ostracise climate skeptics and use their influence to keep dissenting reports 
from appearing in peer-reviewed journals, as well as using cronyism to avoid compliance 
with Freedom of Information Act requests.
Here follows a compendium of articles and videos on what was quickly dubbed as 
“ClimateGate”.
The full story:
[3] CLIMATE BOMBSHELL: Hacker leaks thousands of emails showing conspiracy to “hide” 
the real data on manmade climate change 
[4] Climategate: the final nail in the coffin of ‘Anthropogenic Global Warming’?

