# 2.105 Change of investment/education mentality in the coming decades

> 原文页码: 759-760

and civic rights activists, former businessmen with Western ties, and leaders of the ethnic 
German community.
Further studies on deportations:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Deportation
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Population_transfer_in_the_Soviet_Union
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benes_Decrees
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baragan_deportations
5. Expulsion of the Moriscos from Spain[1] (Muslim converts to Christianity)
Spain deported approximately 315 000 Moriscos to Northern Africa in the period 1609-
1614.
I would strongly recommend anyone to study the Morisco expulsion at it covers many 
essential issues.  
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expulsion_of_the_Moriscos
2.105 Change of investment/education mentality in the coming decades
Future food supply is essential
Most people underestimate the impact of high population vs. food supply. Being 
dependant on too much food import is extremely risky and can prove to be catastrophic 
for certain densely populated countries in a future scenario. Britain will have 
approximately 70-80 million citizens in phase 2/3 of the civil war. If logistics fail for 
various reasons millions might starve to death. Food hunger and starvation will likely 
result in totally anarchy in certain areas of the country.
Cultural conservatives should take precautionary steps and consider and reassess the 
long term goals of your investment and educational strategy. Being a potato farmer 
might be unattractive now but is likely to be extremely useful in the future. When the 
financial system breaks down (and they will) you will always be able to barter if you have 
access to primary commodities. 
Deevaluation of educational strategies
A multitude of educations will have little value under given circumstances. Still, I don't 
think it will happen within 20 years. Marseilles or Brussels would be the first "epicentre" 
for a civil war in a couple of decades most likely. If the multiculturalist governments 
implement enough countermeasures they can keep stability going for up to five decades. 
Communist Russia had severe problems already in the 50s but managed to keep it going 
until 1991 (41 years). The last 20 years before the collapse the population were victim of 
strict indoctrination and censorship.
There are certain parallels to the current trend of "media blackouts" concerning Muslim 
riots in European metropolitans and punitive measures taken against anyone criticising 
the current system model (cultural conservatives). EU will become a lot more totalitarian 
the next decades before it eventually crashes.
In any case, I give the Western European system model 30-70 years maximum before at 
least some of them implode. 
Shifting our investment mentality from stocks/currency/bonds/real estate etc. to 
commodity would also be a pragmatical approach in the decades to come.
It’s really hard to predict as we do not yet know the shape or form of the coming phase 2 
and 3 war. Full blown civil war may last for up to 10-20 years. Alternatively, it could also 
be a swift coup, ending the war in days with limited impact on infrastructure and flow of 
resources.
The worst investment will without a doubt be be anything relating to property and any 
investment in Muslim countries. Millions of Muslims will be deported in the future 
resulting in a crash and complete meltdown in the real estate market. Prices will be 
reduces by as much as 90% as there will be hundreds of thousands of vacant housing 
units in many European cities. My advice to all cultural conservatives now (2010) is 
therefore to steer away from real estate, stock market investments and investments in 
Muslim countries altogether and rather invest in commodity. The US is already 
bankerupt, they just don’t know it yet. They will bring the EU economy down with them.
Stock/option tips for the future:
As a general rule, stay away from stocks. But if nevertheless are planning to invest then 
focus on the following areas:
Anything military/security related (guns, body armour, war supplies, security etc)
Transport sector – truck companies, railway, shipping (bulk, tank etc). Transport rates will 
go through the roof as they do in all wars. However, many transport units always face the 
risk of expropriation from national governments/militaries.
Coca Cola and similar companies have traditionally been “crisis proof”. 
Farming/food production related companies. 
Worst case scenario:
Alternative investments for the future (items that have little value today but will 
increase in value)
-
Guns – everything from assault rifles, ammo, grenades and mines.
-
Body armour
-
Fortified rural compounds with large rations of food/water
-
Survival gear – including survival books, kits, fishing gear, basic farming 
equipment
-
Farms with focus on high calorie products
-
Automobiles with limited high tech electronics (standard diesel engines)
Educations for the future 
-
Agriculture 
-
Any education with practical implementation - carpentry, car mechanic, medicine, 
gun smith etc.

