# 2.104 Future deportations of Muslims from Europe

> 原文页码: 753-758

the guv’mint, and the votreprenuers know this. They know they can continue to slowly 
chip away at our freedoms with our permission and in front of our very eyes as long as 
they allow us the comfort of the illusion of freedom.
It will continue this way because there cannot be a net gain in rights for us. We started 
with all of them. The best we can hope for, and the position you seem to take, is that we 
can reach a happy medium whereby we reach a steady state of no net loss. But 
governments are tricky by their very nature. As you point out, democracy thrives on 
short-term thinking. I’d refine that statement further to say that government thrives on 
short-term thinking. Government rewards the connivers and cheats, making it far 
unlikely that we can ever beat them at the game of who gets to keep the rights.
Therefore, we’re faced with a dilemma. The government is a politically capitalist entity. 
And despite our best efforts, we cannot match its efficiency because we designed it to be 
ruthless in order to stave off all manner of external and internal attacks. Unfortunately, in 
our haste to craft an unbeatable system, we placed ourselves outside the wall. The 
citizens of America have reached the point where we no longer can control the 
behemoth.
That’s why I believe you’re off base with attempting to salvage the current system. It’s 
like trying to put toothpaste back into the tube. What we’re faced with, and what most 
people will probably never acknowledge because it threatens their illusion of America, is 
the realisation that we cannot turn back the rolling wheel. It will continue to roll, and the 
best we can hope for is to slow its acceleration toward death. 
2.104 Future deportations of Muslims from Europe
“It’s difficult to discuss deportation of Muslims openly in a society where it is not 
even allowed to discuss Islam…”
The reason why authors on the Eurabia related issues/Islamisation of Europe - Fjordman, 
Spencer, Ye’or, Bostom etc. aren’t actively discussing deportation is because the method 
is considered too extreme (and thus would damage their reputational shields). This would 
un-doubtfully undermine their work and probably disallowing them to publish any future 
books. However, the warning about Islam has been repeated for more than two decades 
and it is apparent that 40 more years of dialogue, without action, would have a 
devastating effect on Europe. If these authors are to scared to propagate a conservative 
revolution and armed resistance then other authors will have to.
Historical deportations from Europe
Greece - Muslim Cham Expulsion in 1944[3]
Following the conquest of Greece by Nazi Germany, the Italians, whose zone of 
occupation included Epirus, recruited a large number of Muslim Cham citizens to assist 
them. During the occupation, a significant number of Muslim Chams were responsible for 
atrocities against ethnic Greeks. supporting the realisation of a Greater Albania.
Cham Muslims alongside the Wehrmacht (NS Germany) also played a key role in the 
Holocaust in Greece, rounding up 2000 Greek Jews and sending them to Auschwitz and 
Birkenau
After WW2, 25 000 Muslim Albanian Chams were deported from Greece (Chameria). 
These people were descendants of Cham “beys” (Muslim feudal lords under the Islamic 
Ottoman Empire) who had earlier confiscated much land from their non-Muslim subjects.
Deportation of Muslims from Israel
According to Israeli Professor Martin Van Crevel at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem 
and military historian:
"The Palestinians should all be deported. The people who strive for this (the Israeli 
government) are waiting only for the right man and the right time. Two years ago, only 7 or 
8 per cent of Israelis were of the opinion that this would be the best solution, two months 
ago it was 33 per cent, and now, according to a Gallup poll, the figure is 44 percent."
Creveld said he was sure that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon wanted to deport the 
Palestinians.
        
"I think it's quite possible that he wants to do that. He wants to escalate 
the conflict. He knows that nothing else we do will succeed."
Asked if he was worried about Israel becoming a rogue state if it carried out a genocidal 
deportation against Palestinians, Creveld quoted former Israeli Defence Minister Moshe 
Dayan who said "Israel must be like a mad dog, too dangerous to bother."
Creveld argued that Israel wouldn't care much about becoming a rogue state.
"Our armed forces are not the thirtieth strongest in the world, but rather the second or 
third. We have the capability to take the world down with us. And I can assure you that this 
will happen before Israel goes under."
Source:
http://www.sweetliberty.org/issues/israel/destroycaps.html
Deportation as the only alternative (Kosovo, Israel illustration)
A state that is much interested in the Kosovo precedent and history is Israel. Up to 1987, 
Tel-Aviv controlled the situation in the West Bank and Gaza, having being victorious in 
five consecutive wars against its Arab neighbours. The start of the first Intifada, the 
population explosion of the Muslim Arabs, the dramatic appearance of international Jihad, 
and the relative decline of the Western (European) support to Israel poses a strategic-
survival dilemma to the Israeli policy makers:
Should they try to push towards a conciliation approach towards the Palestinians and 
decide for a low key strategy against them; or to oppose all calls for bargain and form a 
strategy of a total war? That was the same dilemma the Serbians reached in the early 
‘90’s. They first used tactic number one and it failed. The second option was barely 
begun to be implemented in late 1998 and would have yielded total success had it not 
been for the NATO air campaign in 1999. Note however that Kosovo is a province of the 
Serbian state therefore in contrast with the Israelis the Serbians are not in fear of “Being 
driven to the sea”. One certain conclusion is that countries such as Israel will invest 
considerable intellectual capacity in making concrete analysis based on Kosovo’s recent 
history.
Kosovo marks the first definite victory of European Islam since the occupation of the 
island of Crete by the Ottomans in 1669. The difference was that then all the major 
European powers fought in unity.
Historical examples of deportation:
1. Population transfer (deportations) in the Soviet Union[1]
Population transfer in the Soviet Union may be classified into the following broad 
categories: deportations of "anti-Soviet" categories of population, often classified as 
"enemies of workers", deportations of nationalities, labour force transfer, and organised 
migrations in opposite directions to fill the ethnically cleansed territories. In most cases 
their destinations were under-populated remote areas, see involuntary settlements in the 
Soviet Union. This includes deportations to the Soviet Union of non-Soviet citizens from 
countries outside the USSR.
Date of 
transfer
Targeted 
group
Approximate 
numbers
Place of initial residence
Transfer destination
Stated reasons for transfer
April 1920
Cossacks, 
Terek 
Cossacks
45,000
North Caucasus
Ukrainian SSR, northern Russian 
SFSR
"Decossackisation", stopping 
Russian colonisation of North 
Caucasus
1921
Cossacks, 
Semirechye 
Cossacks
Semirechye
Extreme North, concentration 
camps
"Decossackisation", stopping 
Russian colonisation of 
Turkestan
September 
1922
"Socially 
dangerous 
elements"
18,000
Western border regions of 
Ukraine and Belarus
Western Siberia, Far East
Social threat
1930–1936
Kulaks
2,323,000
"Regions of total 
collectivisation", most of Russia, 
Ukraine, other regions
Northern Russian SFSR, Ural, 
Siberia, North Caucasus, Kazakh 
ASSR, Kyrgyz ASSR
Collectivisation
November–
December 
1932
Peasants
45,000
Krasnodar Krai (Russia)
Northern Russia
Sabotage
1933
Nomadic 
Kazakhs
200,000
Kazakh SSR
China, Mongolia, Iran, 
Afghanistan, Turkey
February–May 
1935
Ingrian Finns
30,000
Leningrad Oblast (Russia)
Vologda Oblast, Western Siberia, 
Kazakh SSR, Tajik SSR
February–
March 1935
Germans, 
Poles
412,000
Central and western Ukrainian 
SSR
Eastern Ukrainian SSR
May 1935
Germans, 
Poles
45,000
Border regions of Ukrainian SSR
Kazakh SSR
July 1937
Kurds
2,000
Border regions of Georgian SSR, 
Azerbaijan SSR, Armenian SSR, 
Turkmenian SSR, Uzbek SSR, 
and Tajik SSR
Kazakh SSR, Kyrgyz SSR
September–
October 1937
Koreans
172,000
Far East
Northern Kazakh SSR, Uzbek 
SSR
September–
October 1937
Chinese, 
Harbin 
Russians
9,000
Southern Far East
Kazakh SSR, Uzbek SSR
1938
Persian Jews
6,000
Mary Province (Turkmen SSR)
Deserted areas of northern 
Turkmen SSR
January 1938
Azeris, 
Persians, 
Kurds, 
Assyrians
n/a
Azerbaijan SSR
Kazakh SSR
Iranian citizenship
February–
June 1940
Poles 
(including 
refugees from 
Poland)
276,000
Western Ukrainian SSR, western 
Byelorussian SSR
Northern Russian SFSR, Ural, 
Siberia, Kazakh SSR, Uzbek SSR
July 1940
"Foreigners" / 
"Other 
ethnicities"
n/a
Murmansk Oblast (Russia)
Karelo-Finnish SSR and Altai 
Krai (Russia)
May–June 
1941
"Counter-
revolutionaries 
and 
nationalists"
107,000
Ukrainian SSR, Byelorussian 
SSR, Moldavian SSR, Estonian 
SSR, Latvian SSR, Lithuanian 
SSR
Siberia, Kirov (Russian SFSR), 
Komi (Russian SFSR), Kazakh 
SSR
September 
1941 – March 
1942
Germans
More than 
780,000
Povolzhye, the Caucasus, 
Crimea, Ukraine, Moscow, 
central Russia
Kazakhstan, Siberia
September 
1941
Ingrian Finns, 
Germans
91,000
Leningrad Oblast (Russia)
Kazakhstan, Siberia, Astrakhan 
Oblast (Russia), Far East
1942
Ingrian Finns
9,000
Leningrad Oblast (Russia)
Eastern Siberia, Far East
April 1942
Greeks, 
Romanians, 
etc.
n/a
Crimea, North Caucasus
n/a
June 1942
Germans, 
Romanians, 
Crimean 
Tatars, Greeks 
with foreign 
citizenship
n/a
Krasnodar Krai (Russia)
n/a
August 1943
Karachais
70,500
Karachay-Cherkessia
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, other
Banditism, other
December 
1943
Kalmyks
93,000
Kalmykia
Kazakhstan, Siberia
February 
1944
Chechens, 
Ingushes, 
Balkars
522,000
North Caucasus
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan
1940-1944 insurgency in 
Chechnya
February 
1944
Kalmyks
3,000
Rostov Oblast (Russia)
Siberia
March 1944
Kurds, Azeris
3,000
Tbilisi (Georgia)
Southern Georgia
May 1944
Balkars
100
Northern Georgia
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan
May 1944
Crimean 
Tatars
1,000,000
Crimea
Uzbekistan
May–June 
1944
Greeks, 
Bulgarians, 
Armenians, 
Turks
42,000
Crimea
Uzbekistan (?)
May–July 
1944
Kalmyks
26,000
Northeastern regions
Central Russia, Ukraine
June 1944
Kalmyks
1,000
Volgograd Oblast (Russia)
Sverdlovsk Oblast (Russia)
June 1944
Kabardins
2,000
Kabardino-Balkaria
Southern Kazakhstan
Collaboration with the Nazis
July 1944
Russian True 
Orthodox 
Church 
adherers
1,000
Central Russia
Siberia
August–
September 
1944
Poles
30,000
Ural, Siberia, Kazakhstan
Ukraine, European Russia
November 
1944
Meskhetian 
Turks, Kurds, 
Hamshenis, 
Karapapaks
92,000
Southwestern Georgia
Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, 
Kyrgyzstan
November 
1944
Lazes and 
other 
inhabitants of 
the border 
zone
1,000
Ajaria (Georgia)
Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, 
Kyrgyzstan
December 
1944
Members of 
the 
Volksdeutsche 
families
1,000
Mineralnye Vody (Russia)
Siberia (according to other 
sources Tajikistan)
Collaboration with the Nazis
January 1945
"Traitors and 
collaborators"
2,000
Mineralnye Vody (Russia)
Tajikistan
Collaboration with the Nazis
May 1948
Kulaks
49,000
Lithuania
Eastern Siberia
Banditism
June 1948
Greeks, 
Armenians
58,000
The Black Sea coast of Russia
Southern Kazakhstan
For Armenians: membership in 
the nationalist Dashnaktsutiun 
Party
June 1948
"Spongers" 
("тунеядцы")
16,000
n/a
n/a
"Social parasitism"
October 1948
Kulaks
1,000
Izmail Oblast (Ukraine)
Western Siberia
March 1949
Kulaks
94,000
Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia
Siberia, Far East
Banditism
May–June 
1949
Armenians, 
Turks, Greeks
n/a
The Black Sea coast (Russia), 
South Caucasus
Southern Kazakhstan
Membership in the nationalist 
Dashnaktsutiun Party 
(Armenians), Greek or Turkish 
citizenship (Greeks), other
July 1949 – 
May 1952
Kulaks
78,400
Moldavia, the Baltic States, 
western Belarus, western 
Ukraine, Pskov Oblast (Russia)
Siberia, Kazakhstan, Far East
Banditism, other
March 1951
Basmachis
3,000
Tajikistan
Northern Kazakhstan
April 1951
Jehovah's 
Witnesses
3,000
Moldavia
Western Siberia
2. Russia wanted to deport the Muslims in Eastern Europe but was confronted 
and stopped by the United Kingdom and others. 
After the Russo-Turkish War, Russia wanted to deport the Muslim Albanians (they had 
historically referred to themselves as Turks) and take back Constantinople. During the 
Congress of Berlin - Russia presented 61 articles. At this time, Russia was in a weakened 
state militarily after the long war with the Ottoman Empire. Britain secretly agreed with 
the Ottoman Empire that it would militarily protect it from Russia and receives Cyprus in 
exchange. Disraeli therefore reversed article 16 to 61.
3. The Beneš decrees – The deportation of Germans from Czechoslovakia (1940-
45)[2]
It is possible that those Western countries where the infidels are strong enough will copy 
the Benes Decrees from Czechoslovakia in 1946, when most of the so-called Sudeten 
Germans, some 3.5 million people, had shown themselves to be a dangerous fifth column 
without any loyalty to the state. The Czech government thus expelled them from its land. 
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch has demonstrated, there is a much better case for a 
Benes Decree for parts of the Muslim population in the West now than there ever was for 
the Sudeten Germans.
4. The Bărăgan deportations[3]
The Bărăgan deportations were a large-scale action of penal transportation, 
undertaken during the 1950s by the Romanian Communist regime. Their aim was to 
forcibly relocate individuals who lived within approximately 25 km of the Yugoslav border 
(in present-day Timiş, Caraş-Severin, and Mehedinţi counties) to the Bărăgan Plain.
The plans involved, as was later discovered in a document written in Timişoara in 1956, 
the "purification of the Banat": the ethnic cleansing of Germans, Serbs and Aromanians. 
Additionally, the plans involved the expulsion of members of several social categories 
considered dangerous by the Romanian Communist Party. Among the targets were 
farmers with large holdings (known as chiaburi, and roughly equivalent to the Soviet 
kulaks), wealthy landowners, industrialists, innkeepers and restaurant owners, 
Bessarabian and Macedonian refugees, former members of the Wehrmacht, foreign 
citizens, relatives of the refugees, Titoist sympathisers, wartime collaborators of Nazi 
Germany (see Romania during World War II), Romanian Army employees, fired civil 
servants, relatives of counter-revolutionaries and all who had supported them, political 

