# 2.106 The ideological journey – from indoctrinated multiculturalist zealot to Conservative Revolutionary

> 原文页码: 761-761

-
Military/police/security educations
2.106 The ideological journey – from indoctrinated multiculturalist zealot to 
Conservative Revolutionary
Our ideological journey starts with our very first experiences in 
the world which contributes to shape our perception of reality, of 
justice and of liberty. 
When I first started on this compendium more than three years 
ago I had already decided to only cover issues relating to 
Islamisation and mass-Muslim immigration out of the fear of 
being labeled as a racist. I have always been terrified of the 
prospect of being labeled as a racist, to such a degree that I have 
put significant restrictions on myself, not only verbally but 
concerning all aspects of my social image. And I know this is the 
case for a majority of Europeans. I would say I have allowed 
myself to be paralyzed by this fear. I was inclined not to bring up 
WW2, the relevance of ethnicity or mention the word race at all. 
Unfortunately for me, I found out through the years of research 
and study that everything is connected. Our present situation is a direct result of WW2 
and the cold war, of the so called Frankfurt school and the rise of cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalism and political correctness. We cannot ignore the relevancy of 
these doctrines and we are forced to reflect on these issues if we are to have a 
meaningful discussion. We are forced to bring up all the taboos and reassess all the 
current “accepted truths”.
If I had met myself 12 years ago I would probably think I was an extreme and paranoid 
nut, who believed in conspiracy theories: 

