# 3.60 European resistance fighters and the importance of an appealing image and ideology - efficient marketing techniques

> 原文页码: 1065-1066

multiculturalist hegemony. We want to communicate that we are not merely tools of the 
ongoing European civil war but that we are and indeed represent a realistic and 
independent future political government to the existing EUSSR regimes. As such, these 
topics are included under Communication and Logistics. A Justiciar Knight uniform with 
insignias, badges and commendations communicates quite effectively our 
accomplishments (ribbon by ribbon), our unwavering determination and our responsibility 
to carry the struggle forward with specific goals for the future, this for everyone to see 
during a trial. Our Justiciar Knight tombstone communicates our cause message after the 
individual Justiciar Knight has perished. As such, all tasks and areas relating to the 
Overseer is a part of our deliberate communication strategy and must be regarded as 
such. 
3.60 European resistance fighters and the importance of an appealing image 
and ideology - efficient marketing techniques
A Justiciar Knight is not only a valorous 
resistance fighter, a one man army; he is a 
one man marketing agency as well. 
We are selling the promise of a better future 
for our people and our children. Resistance 
fighters are in many ways sales 
representatives. They are marketers and 
ambassadors to not only their specific 
organisations and movements but to the 
future we wish to create. As such, it is 
important that all resistance fighters learn the 
basics of sales and marketing. Failing to 
understand basic primary concepts of sales 
and marketing will significantly limit the 
impact and efficiency of the message we wish 
to send.
When we blow up a building full of category A and B traitors it is not only for the purpose 
of killing. An important part of the operation is to force awareness of our movement and 
our ideology. The ideology we represent is the product we want to sell to the European 
peoples. 
 
It is essential for all cultural conservative resistance fighters to understand that we are in 
the middle of a war of perceptions. Our objective is to portray our enemies in the worst 
possible light - as cultural Marxist traitors who wishes to sell their own peoples into 
Muslim slavery. They, on the other hand, have the exact opposite objective. They are 
doing everything to tell the people that they have no political opposition whatsoever and 
that the occasional attack is only committed by backwater, brain damaged and inbred 
freaks. They are effectively “selling” the perception that we are nothing more than a 
bunch of pedophile and criminal scum of society, who has somehow escaped from the 
local insane asylum. They ALWAYS illustrate their definition of heroic icons of society 
using all factors to improve their looks and appeal. And they ALWAYS illustrate the 
nationalist resistance fighters in the worst possible light, without makeup, in bad lighting, 
without editing, and often in unfortunate postures. And these often appalling photos 
correlate with the above description. This is not coincidental but a deliberate aspect of 
their psychological warfare against us. They deliberately portray us as the anti-thesis of 
the ideal person so that we achieve a minimum of impact when it comes to appealing to 
the average European. We must counter this psychological warfare campaign by making 
it harder for them to use this weapon against us. 
We must learn the basics of sales and marketing and apply this knowledge to our own 
benefit. We must learn to incorporate marketing/sales aspects in our operations. How can 
we do this?
In marketing
Sexy projections of females sell and inspire, in peacetime and during war. There will 
primarily be men taking most of the risks so it should be a priority to appeal to a 
broadest selection of European males. Resistance leaders/cell commanders or individual 
cell operatives must prioritise to arrange and book a professional photo session prior to 
operation for one or all involved. Resistance leaders of larger networks should also 
arrange photo sessions with female patriotic models to use in online 
marketing/recruitment campaigns. It is essential that enough resources are invested into 
marketing material in order to create a professional and appealing image of our struggle. 
It is essential that cell commanders and/or cell operatives budget at least a portion of 
their operational budget to photo sessions and remember to delete all other unfortunate 
photos from the past. This is to prevent the media/police from getting access to them 
and exploit them for their own propaganda. The police usually “leak” “retarded looking” 
photos to the press after raiding the cells apartment after an operation. By removing and 
deleting all “negative” photos, and by making available the professional, photo shopped 
photos prior to the operation; we make their job significantly harder.
General marketing tips
-
Use modern, stylish mainstream logos and material that will appeal to a maximum of 
targets (poor material that looks unappealing will not benefit our cause)
-
Use professional graphic designers (poor graphic/material will not benefit our cause)
-
All models should be styled to look their best (a person who looks like a caveman (ref: 
Osama) will have little appeal)
-
Use professional makeup artists and use make up on both female and male models. Yes, 
this sounds gay, but looking “attractive” will significantly benefit the impact of our message 
as it will act as a force multiplier 
-
Use professional editing (photoshop) on all digital photos (You can hire a programmer on f 
example: www.scriptlance.com to photoshop your pictures for less than 50 Euro).
Preparations required before a photo shoot 
As a Justiciar Knight you will go into history as one of the most influential individuals of 
your time. So you need to look your absolute best and ensure that you produce quality 
marketing material prior to operation.
Prepare for the photo session; 
-
Take a few hours in a solarium to look fresher.  
-
Train hard (work out) at least 7 days prior to photo session
-
Cut your hair shave

