# 3.61 After a successful operation - countering the misinformation campaign from the multiculturalist government – martyrdom or prison

> 原文页码: 1067-1069

-
Visit a male salon if possible and apply light makeup. Yes, I know – this might sound 
repulsive to big badass warriors like us, but we must look our best for the shoot 
-
Use your best clothing – you can f example bring 3 different sets of clothing to the shot 
location – 1. Dress, tie etc. 2. Casual wear 3. Sporty wear 4. Militaristic wear (obviously, 
you can’t bring your guns or anything indicating that you are a resistance fighter). You 
should always order the photo session in a foreign country to avoid that the personnel 
alerts authorities. Always pay in cash and do not sign any receipt with your own name.
End note: Be very careful to have military shots lying around. Be very careful if you 
decide to use pictures with guns. People who see these photos might alert the 
authorities. Carefully consider the use of symbols as it might backfire. Cross of the 
martyrs is fine (St. George) but avoid any symbol associated with Nazism.
Battlefield Wikipedia - an important tool to market resistance 
fighters/resistance movements and our world view
Members of the European Resistance Movements on all 8 political fronts must prioritise 
contributions in Wikipedia as a primary method for presenting our world view, our 
political doctrines and our definition of history.
As for members, sympathizers or anonymous contributors of the European armed 
resistance:
You may create a Wikipedia description prior to operation and make it “indirectly” 
available to sympathisers. If no Wikipedia profile has been created for the resistance 
fighter, any sympathiser should contribute to create one. Furthermore, we must create 
an article that has the potential to indirectly appeal to anyone reviewing it. If you choose 
to create one yourself prior to an operation you obviously can’t include ANY incriminating 
information. Details concerning the operation, goals, motivations and interviews and/or 
other info must be added by sympathisers after an operation. It is essential to describe 
our 70 year goal and specific goals for phase 1, 2 and 3 of the European civil war. 1-2 
photos from the photo shoot should be included in the Wikipedia entry. 
Keep in mind that our enemies (cultural Marxists, humanists) may try to use Wikipedia to 
ridicule or discredit these resistance fighters. They may also attempt to sabotage existing 
Wikipedia entries. All sympathisers should therefore keep an eye out for these wiki 
attacks. 
Wikipedia should not be underestimated as a primary source for contributing to create 
“established truths”. We must strive to present our views in the most favorable way while 
at the same time discredit our enemies. It is an arena we should focus on.  
3.61 After a successful operation - countering the misinformation campaign 
from the multiculturalist government – martyrdom or prison
When an operative of any of the European Resistance Movements manages to deal a 
newsworthy blow to the regime (a blow big enough to penetrate censorship), the natural 
response from the multiculturalist regime will be to 
protect its ideology from any and all ideological 
damage. This is usually done by labeling the enemy as 
a madman or discrediting him as a victim in some 
twisted way (character assassination). They will usually 
claim the individual was not a cultural conservative 
resistance fighter but rather a pathetic victim who was 
bullied or discriminated against by someone at some 
point in his past. We see that the multiculturalists use 
this very efficient psy. war method again and again 
when they face a lethal terrorist attack of any sort. 
No, no, he was not a Jihadist. He was just a misunderstood individual, a psychologically 
unstable victim abused/misguided by someone etc. 
According to them, there is only a small core of evil Muslim fanatics in the world sitting in 
caves somewhere and are recruiting through the internet (through wireless satellite 
broadband) “vulnerable angry individuals”, victimised by society in the past, as suicide 
bombers. They will also claim that any European resistance fighter is just as pathetic, 
that all are “poor white trash psychotics, with a medieval mentality, who are making a 
fuss because we failed in the materialistic hierarchy”. According to their logic there are 
just a handful of us trying to recruit vulnerable individuals, when in fact the truth is 
anything but what they are trying to project. 
Now, normally you would think the MSM or the government is just incredible naive for 
claiming this. But in fact, this deliberate strategy is everything but naive. It’s a highly 
sophisticated psychological warfare countermeasure designed to limit any and all 
ideological damage which might have been caused by the attack. Because you see, if the 
multiculturalist regime can prove without a reasonable doubt that the attacking force 
(usually a single individual cell) is a random irrelevant madman and not in fact a 
threatening political adversary they will successfully achieve a position where they do not 
have to explain to the public why said individual would want to cause ideological damage 
to them. It is a deliberate strategy to avoid revealing the truth, and the attackers political 
motives. Admitting that the attacker has some valid points would contribute to 
undermine the system they have chosen to protect. This strategy of ridiculing their 
political enemies also prevents other nationalists from pursuing the same course. 
So, in any situation where an attacking force is defeated (and we will all, most likely, be 
defeated in phase 1) they will cling to this strategy of discredit and ridicule. Alternatively 
they will use censorship to silence the story to death as is the common weapon of choice 
in France. A countermeasure would be for the resistance fighter to actually survive the 
operation and attest to his political agenda. That his objective was in fact part of a larger, 
long term strategy to cause ideological damage to the EUSSR/USASSR multiculturalist 
regime as part of a 100 year plan to completely seize power through military means and 
replace the system. The problem, however, with allowing capture is that the regime will 
use all means to break the subject. They are not allowed to torture so they will have the 
Muslims do it for them (by placing the resistance fighter together with Muslims). They 
may say; we can’t torture you so we will let the Mujahedeen in our prison systems 
rape/torture you until you reject your beliefs. If you do not reject them after that we will 
let them kill you. It would be an overwhelming success for them if they managed to 
make a resistance fighter reject his political beliefs.
Countering the misinformation campaign
Likely counter attacks (propaganda/ideological counter attacks) should be expected. The 
classical approach is to first character assassinate every individual involved in the 
operation branding them as freaks: racists, fascists, Nazis, paedophiles, nut-cases etc., 
secondary to claim that we are representing a monster-ideology. They will claim that we 
represent an ideology that would stigmatise and de-legitimise us in the eyes of the 
people. The multiculturalists will claim that we are right wing extremists who seek to 
form a totalitarian/un-democratic racist/fascist/Nazi society/structure based on hate. 
Obviously this is as far from the truth as imaginable. Therefore, we must be prepared to 
explain to the people at any given time and in a few words what kind of society they can 
expect when we successfully gain power. 
What kind of society/political platform are we seeking to build/restore. What does a 
cultural conservative/nationalist/monocultural society constitute?
The closest similarity you will find and a good comparison is especially the Japanese and 
South Korean societies and to a certain degree the Taiwanese model. These three models 
contain a majority of all the political principles we seek to restore. They represent many 
of the European classical conservative principles of the 1950’s (culturally) with modern 
twists; in other words a monocultural, scientifically advanced, economically progressive 
society with an exceptional level of welfare but which will not accept multiculturalism or 
Cultural Marxist principles. Japan, South Korea and Taiwan are today the most peaceful 
societies due to their monocultural model. Crime is more or less non-existent and you 
can travel freely everywhere without the constant fear of getting raped, ravaged, robbed 
or killed. They have embraced many positive aspects of globalism but have rejected 
many of the negative aspects. The fundaments of the patriarchal structures and family 
values are very strong in these three countries as the wave of feminism lacked several 
catalyst components (which made it a lot less potent) due to the rejection of 
multiculturalist/cultural Marxist thought during the 60s and 70s. Japan, South Korea and 
Taiwan are today our role models for the conservative movement. They are peaceful and 
anti-imperialistic just like we have aspirations to be. 
When listening to Marxist propaganda, the typical claims are all based on lies. It is a 
falsehood to claim that the cultural conservatives in Europe are imperialistic and violent 
by nature. We do NOT want to copy the failed aggressive totalitarian fascist dictatorships 
like Nazi Germany, far from it. We hate everything Nazi Germany stood for, in fact we 
view the current EUSSR/Multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe as totalitarian Nazi 
regimes.  We condemn imperialistic thought and we condemn genocide and violence in 
general. Our current struggle is based on a pre-emptive struggle (self defence). We have 
no territorial claims that will violate any sovereign European or other civilised country, 
the exception being our Middle Eastern foreign policy plan. This involves a Crusade, or to 
use a more modern phrase; an anti-Jihad campaign, preventing the continuation of the 
genocides against the Maronite, Assyrian, Coptic and other Middle Eastern Christian 
peoples and restoring parts of Anatolia under Greek and Armenian rule once again. 
Launching crusades to counter ongoing Jihads (there are 20+ Jihad fronts around the 
world) is acceptable, but under no circumstances shall we attack or annex territory 
belonging to our fellow Christian brothers and sisters, or our Buddhist or Hindu allies. 
Hindus and Buddhists are considered brothers in our common fight against Jihadi 
imperialism, atrocities and genocides. 
Any cultural conservative Christian country/state declaring war against another Christian 
state (such as the former Serbian-Croatian war) will be regarded as the enemy of the 
future cultural conservative political alliance (European Federation) and will be punished 
severely. 

