# 3.62 Grand Master Overseer – the Overseer Organisation

> 原文页码: 1070-1073

3.62 Grand Master Overseer – the Overseer Organisation
An Overseer, Master Overseer or the Grand Master Overseer (for phase 1) is a volunteer 
who serves the PCCTS, Knights Templar as a civillian administrator, care-taker and 
logistical officer. 
The Overseer’s primary task will be to handle certain practical, logistical or administrative 
tasks for the PCCTS and for any fallen Christian Martyrs. 
Primary tasks include:
•
Running an informational website/announcement portal
•
Contribute to provide proper legal defence for any apprehended Justiciar Knight after a 
failed or successful operation
•
Award commendations to Justiciar Knights
•
Provide the military uniform with the appropriate insignia for any apprehended Justiciar 
Knights
•
Provide the Justiciar Knight tombstone for any fallen members
•
Finance the above activities by donations and gifts etc.
Creating the organisation
The Grand Master Overseer cannot have any ”official” ties with an ”illegal 
liberarion/military/terrorist organisation”. The name of the organisation should therefore 
not be PCCTS, Knights Templar but something completely objective such as f. example:
Headquarters for Commemorating Martyrs of the European Resistance Movement
Establish and administrate one or several PCCTS, Knights Templar websites – 
communication portal (Justiciar Knight logs)
The Website will be an informational (educational) site which in no way must violate 
European law. Its primary function is to forward information about historical Christian 
European knights such as Martel/Sobieski and current fallen Justiciar Knights 
(Commemorating Martyrs). The site will present the organisations principles, codes, 
insignia, commendations, rules of conduct and describe political goals (objectively). It is 
essential that all information on the website is in compliance with European law.
The website must also contain an area where incarcerated Justiciar Knights can publish 
national, pan-European or international announcements (these will be available for all to 
see, including the press etc). An overseer must contact incarcerated Justiciar Knights 
from time to time and forward any post any announcement on the website if requested. 
As such, the website functions as a communication channel to the world. 
Due to the nature of the PCCTS, Knights Templar, no Overseer is allowed to have any ties 
to operational cell operatives or commanders (and vice versa) as it may incriminate 
them. However, Knights who are already incarcerated (non-operational cell members) 
pose no potential legal challenges and announcements they make may be forwarded as 
long as it doesn’t include information which might incriminate the Overseer or the 
Overseer organisation (direct threats etc). 
The announcement pages should be categorised by country. There will be a separate 
announcement page for pan-European/international announcements. 
Rules for incarcerated Justiciar Knights posting announcements:
F example a French Justiciar Knight can make an announcement and forward it to the 
national or pan-European Overseer if he feels the message will contribute to our cause or 
if it can improve the situation for himself or fellow Knights in prison.
A Justiciar Knight making a political announcement must obviously follow our principles 
and avoid issues that may be controversial within our military order. Personal views 
should be avoided if they violate our primary principles.  
The Overseer organisation must contribute to the future election of a non-
operational, pan-European Grand Master Knight
Any individual Justiciar Knight may be elected as a national or pan-European 
spokesperson at any given time. The individual will be elected based on f example 
rhetorical skills, social/military status/fame/accomplishments or other essential skills or 
virtues. As the number of incarcerated Knights increase in the future it will be 
appropriate to elect an official pan-European spokesperson or a so called non-
operational, pan-European Grand Master Knight. Candidates from France, the UK or 
Germany will be favoured in any election due to the importance of these countries. The 
candidate must be fluent in English. The leading incarcerated Justiciar Knight in any 
country will be appointed as the non-operational, National Grand Master Knight and will 
have the right to cast one vote when electing a non-operational, pan-European (intln) 
Grand Master Knight. The National Grand Master Knight from France, the UK and 
Germany has a double vote in elections. A non-operational Grand Master Knight (may be 
appointed in P1) must not be confused with the future “operational” National/pan-
European Grand Master Knight Commander (P2/P3). 
Any Overseer/Master Overseer/Grand Master Overseer must be approved by the National 
Grand Master Knight.
A Master Overseer/the Grand Master Overseer may take the initiative to develop the 
Overseer organisation into a “political wing” in the future. It is essential that a future 
political wing is set up and organised in a manner which ensures that it does not violate 
European law. 
An appropriate name would f. example be: The Conservative Revolutionary Movement or 
The pan-European Conservative Revolutionary Movement.
Identifying PCCTS, Knights Templar, Justiciar Knights
The most important task of the Grand Master Overseer (Master Overseer) will be to 
identify old and new fallen/incarcerated Justiciar Knights. In other words, the Overseer 
will basically have to research, evaluate and approve new individuals. New candidates are 
added into the registry and will be supported by the organisation. This can be done by 
reviewing/researching media events or by receiving tips (suggestions) via email or web. 
All fallen Martyrs, under consideration, must follow the primary guidelines of the PCCTS, 
Knights Templar in order to be approved for official knighthood. 
Evaluation committee, Phase 2
Decide in accordance with other Overseers which new individuals are to be knighted. 
Processing applications/researching candidates.
Finding suppliers of commendations, uniforms and tombstone
Future production and design
For future design of medals and insignia, the Overseer should consider using 
international suppliers as it will be the most cost efficient production option:
Supplier market places such as http://www.alibaba.com/ or similar should be used for 
this purpose.
More information about commendations and uniforms is covered in another chapter.
A future Overseer organisation must localise a tombstone carver/supplier
A future Overseer organisation should provide and subsidise a standard edition of the 
Justiciar Knight tombstone.
A European tombstone carver, preferably specialised in traditional tombstone 
architecture, is likely to charge more than 5000-10 000 Euro in order to create the stone. 
As such, producers in low cost countries should be contacted for the task of creating one 
or multiple stones in the future. Generally, countries with vast experience in traditional 
tombstone ornaments would be Southern European countries f. example Malta or Cyprus. 
Perhaps Armenia and even China or India should be considered as well. Creating unique 
accessories (such as commendations, medals, tombstones etc.) in India or China will 
allow us to save up to 80% of estimated cost. I realise that this might sound hypocritical 
considering the fact that cultural conservatives in general oppose Indian or Chinese 
membership in WTO and the fact that we generally prefer in sourcing as many industries 
as possible. However, conserving our funds is a central part of our struggle, especially in 
phase 1 and 2. 
Contacting the Justiciar Knights next of kin to present commendations and 
tombstone
A representative from the Overseer organisation should contact the fallen Justiciar 
Knights next of kin in order to present the earned commendations and the tombstone. 
There is a chance that some or all of the family members of the Justiciar Knight opposed 
him ideologically or perhaps are just too scared to accept the commendations and 
tombstone as they fear the potential stigma attached. They may also fear that the 
Justiciar Knight tombstone will be destroyed by the regime, Marxist extremists or 
Muslims. An agreement/ understanding with the next of kin is therefore required before 
the tombstone is produced. Post-mortem commendations such as the medals and the 
tombstone are mostly symbols of honour but are also indirect political statements. The 
Overseer should therefore be mentally prepared for rejection by next of kin. 
Overseer guidelines for awarding commendations to non-JK patriotic resistance 
fighters and civilian contributors (right wing intellectuals etc.)
Future Overseer leadership must consider and decide whether awarding certain 
commendations to other individuals than Justiciar Knights might be beneficial to the 
cause. 
There are a minimum of requirements that must apply for the candidate:
The candidate must acknowledge the PCCTS, Knights Templar as a just liberation 
movement working for the interests of all Europeans and must agree with at least all 
non-violent principles of the PCCTS.
The candidate must oppose all hate-ideologies; communism, cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalism, Islam and national socialism. 
  
The candidate must not be a Nazi-sympathiser or support white supremacy ideologies as 
those are considered hate ideologies.
If it is revealed, in retrospect, that an individual propagate or defend hate ideologies, the 
commendations given to that individual will be nullified and the individuals name will be 
deleted from the registry.
A candidate of certain civilian commendations may belong to any denomination of 
Christendom and can also be a Jew, Hindu, Buddhist, Zoroastrian, agnostic and atheist. 
Finance
Aqcuiring funds for the organisation via donations from individuals or organisations 
throughout Europe are a top priority. Also, there are several individuals throughout 
Europe who testaments their wealth to organisations who work for anti 
immigration/Islamisation. An overseer should research European countries by contacting 
the Bar organisation in given countries and claim these contributions with the purpose of 
financing any practical or administrative tasks (honourary tombstones, commendations, 
uniforms or website costs etc). Receipts and other documentation will have to be 
presented.
An Overseer should not profit from these activities.  
Requirements to become the Grand Master Overseer
The individual needs a track record of non-military cultural/Christian conservative (anti-
Jihad) activism. The individual has to be a Christian European and thus must support 
Judeo Christian traditions. In other words, the individual has to oppose the Islamisation 
of Europe/European multiculturalism. The individual must also support the PCCTS, 
Knights Templar territorial claims in the Balkans and in the Middle East. The individual 
must not have a track record involving racism or support for Racial Conservatism.
Who will approve the first Grand Master Overseer?

