# 3.63 Why bother with honouring fallen Martyrs and living Heroes of our struggle?

> 原文页码: 1074-1074

The individual has to claim the position. This will be done by creation and administration 
of a website, following the given guidelines. Furthermore, he has to pay the costs for the 
first commendation and tombstone for the first martyred Justiciar Knight. As soon this is 
done, and if he fulfils all the requirements, he may indirectly announce himself as the 
official Grand Master Overseer of the Knights Templar and can and should take the 
initiative to develop the non-military organisation according to guidelines. It should be 
noted, that due to legal limitations concerning the support for ”so called terrorism” he 
cannot openly support the activities of any fallen Knight. He must use deceitful 
approaches, speak with ”two tongues” in order to ensure that he doesn’t incriminate 
himself in any way.  
Why the position of a Grand Master Overseer has not been filled prior to first spectacular 
attack?
Obviously, this would have implicated and incriminated the individual. Therefore, the 
position will only be available after the first spectacular attack.
3.63 Why bother with honouring fallen Martyrs and living Heroes of our 
struggle?
It is essential and extremely important to honour living heroes of our struggle and to 
ensure that fallen martyrs are commemorated. How can we expect to re-found the 
ancient European traditions of Martyrdom if no one is honouring our living and fallen 
heroes? The Muslim world is a good example. Honouring and commemorating Jihadists 
have been institutionalised for centuries and even involves economic compensation to the 

