# 3.64 Knights Templar orders, commendations, uniform, title, tombstone and relevant information

> 原文页码: 1075-1077

family of each Martyr. Iraq, Iran and several 
countries have willingly contributed with millions of 
dollars to ”Martyr Commemoration funds”. Every 
single Jihadi martyr who dies in the struggle 
against Christendom or the Jews (and historically, 
many other wars) have received financial support 
(given to the Martyrs family) and other 
commendations. We must do the same.
Learning from the Muslims
The following text describes one of these commemoration groups:
The organisation calls itself, the Committee for the Glorification of Martyrs of the Global 
Islamic Movement (Setad Pasdasht Shohadaye Nehzat Jahani Islam). Spokesman for the 
group Mohammad Mohammadi (Mohammad-Ali Samadi, according to Iran Focus) said: 
"Every six months we sign up volunteers. Now we have 55,000 of them. Then we choose 
the volunteers and divide them up into battalions."
Mohammadi said his latest battalion numbered 500, with 30% of these being women. He 
claims his group is independent of the Islamist regime, but anything which is public in Iran 
is never independent.
The volunteers can choose either to blow up Salman Rushdie, or blow up Israel or "the 
infidels occupying Iraq" (America), a sign that the group exists more for confidence-
building among Iranian young people, who currently suffer high unemployment, rather than 
realistic military strategy.
Meghdad Hamedinia. a 27-year old suicide recruit said: "I want to defend Islam, so I signed 
up for all three. All the American presidents are rascals. I'll give my life for Islam."
3.64 Knights Templar orders, commendations, uniform, title, tombstone and 
relevant information 
All Justiciar Knights (self appointed in P1, approved by the Grand Master Overseer in 
P2/3) will have the opportunity to earn the following commendations:
As long as an “Overseer organisation” has not yet been created (in P1), it is up to each 
Justiciar Knight to follow the specific commendation regulations and guidelines in regards 
to taking credit for specific efforts. Until an Overseer organisation has been established 
(P1), it is up to each and every Justiciar Knight cell commander to provide his cell 
operatives with the commendations earned. These commendations should not be 
acquired until after a successful operation has been executed. Just ensure that you have 
the necessary order information available and your lawyer (or friend/family member) will 
be able to order the commendations for you.
Justiciar Knight Military Orders
A Justiciar Knight will become a member of one of the three Orders depending on the 
outcome of his operation: 
Justiciar Knight Military Order of the Martyrs  
A fallen Justiciar Knight (fallen in the line of duty) is 
awarded with the Cross of Martyrdom regardless of the the 
outcome of his operation. 
Red cross with gold outline.
This breast jewel is awarded for heroic and exceptional 
service, through martyrdom, by defending the indigenous 
peoples of Europe, European identity, culture, traditions 
and European Christendom. Post-mortem award.
Justiciar Knight Military Order of Battle 
Justiciar Knight Cross of Battle, Injury (successful) - Red cross with silver outline.
Justiciar Knight Military Order of Service 
Justiciar Knight Cross of Service, Service (unsuccessful) - Red cross with bronze outline.
This breast jewel is awarded to all Justiciar Knights regardless of success of the 
operation. 
Knight of Malta Breast Jewel
The Knight of Malta Breast Jewel is awarded to all Justiciar 
Knights who have earned at least 10 commendations (the 
5 primary commendations are included, the breast jewels 
are not).
Red Cross of Constantine Breast Jewel
The Red Cross of Constantine is awarded to all Justiciar 
Knights who have earned at least 15 commendations (the 
5 primary commendations are included). 
The three breast jewels can be ordered from the following 
store:
http://www.masoniccollection.com/
Name: Knights Templar Breast Jewel
Name: Masonic Knight of Malta Breast Jewel
Name: Red Cross of Constantine Breast Jewel
Medals for Exceptional Military and Civilian Service 
A medal is awarded to a person as a form of recognition for organisational, intellectual or 
military achievements.
Earning a medal should not be restricted and limited to Justiciar Knights but to all 
individuals who are (and have been) committed to the struggle of liberating Europe from 
Marxism and from our cultural Marxist regimes. This will involve everyone who 
contributes as armed resistance fighters and civilians who have done an exceptional 
effort.
A short history of military medals and decorations
The first known instance of a medal being awarded comes from the historian Josephus 
who, writing long after the event, accounts that in the fourth century BCE the High Priest 
Jonathan led the Hebrews in aid of Alexander the Great, and that in return for this, 
Alexander "sent to Jonathan... honourary awards, as a golden button, which it is custom 
to give the king's kinsmen." Another early example of medals is found used by the 
Roman Republic, which adopted an elaborate system of military awards that included 
medals called phalerae to be issued to soldiers and units for a variety of achievements.
Medals made to commemorate specific events, including military battles and victories, 
continued to be commissioned and awarded in the Roman fashion, and from this grew 
the practice of pinning such military medals onto one's uniform.
Many military decorations are often mistakenly referred to and confused with true 
medals. 'Military decoration' is an all-encompassing term that includes medals, but is 
generally applied to the other types of awards that do not meet the qualification of a true 
medal. The technical difference is that these other decorations take on a different shape, 
such as a cross or star, other than the generally circular one that is required. This 
difference does not necessarily imply any lessened honour for military decorations, as the 
Victoria Cross demonstrates, which is technically a decoration, as it is the highest British 
award for bravery in war.

