# 3.65 Military awards and commendations – decorations of the Knights Templar (armed and civilian efforts)

> 原文页码: 1078-1087

An order tends to be the most elaborate of military decorations, typically awarded for 
distinguished services to a nation or cause. Orders are distinguished from other forms of 
decoration in that they often imply membership in an organisation or association of 
others that have received the same award. This practice originates with the mediaeval 
fraternities of knighthood, some of which even exists into the present and are still 
awarded to persons. While most of these modern orders no longer have roots in true 
knighthood, they still tend to carry over the terms of their historic counterparts, and 
terms such as knight, commander, officer, members and so on are still commonly found 
as ranks. A military order may use a medal as its insignia, however, most tend to have a 
unique badge or a type of plaque specifically designed for an emblem.
3.65 Military awards and commendations – decorations of the Knights Templar 
(armed and civilian efforts)
The following commendations – decorations, medals are awarded to Justiciar Knights and 
civilians involved in the efforts to liberate Europe from cultural Marxism. 
The three primary distinguished military commendations of the PCCTS, Knights Templar 
are: 
•
Distinguished Destroyer of cultural Marxism (DCM) commendation
•
Distinguished Saboteur Master (SM) commendation
•
Distinguished Wielder of the Furious Scimitar (WFS) commendation
Earning one of the above commendations entitles the candidate to the following 5 base 
commendations:
•
National Defence Service Medal
•
Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal
•
Honourable Crusader Medal
•
Legacy of Charles Martel & John III Sobieski Medal
•
Defender of Christendom Medal
1. Distinguished Destroyer of cultural Marxism Commendation
The “Distinguished Destroyer of cultural Marxism Commendation” is awarded to 
personnel who have confirmed kills/executions of category A, B or C cultural Marxist/ 
multiculturalist traitors. 
Sub category:
DCM – Gold sword
DCM - Gold sword, three gold stars: Participated in an operation where an 
international top 4 primary category A traitor was executed (head of state of either 
the US, Germany, France or the UK)
DCM - Gold sword, two gold stars: Participated in an operation where at least 10 
international category A traitors or at least 1 category A, European head of state 
was executed (includes the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa).
DCM - Gold sword, one gold star:  Participated in an operation where at least 10 
national category A traitors were executed 
DCM - Gold sword: Participated in an operation where at least 1 national category 
A traitor was executed
DCM – Gold sword, two bronze stars: Participated in an operation where an 
international top 4 primary category A traitor was injured (head of state of either 
the US, Germany, France or the UK)
DCM – Gold sword, one bronze star: Participated in an operation where at least 
1 category A, European head of state was injured
DCM – Silver sword
DCM - Silver sword, two silver stars: Participated in an operation where at least 
100 national or international category B traitors were executed
DCM - Silver sword, one silver star: Participated in an operation where at least 
10 national or international category B traitors were executed 
DCM - Silver sword: Participated in an operation where at least 1 national or 
international category B traitor was executed
DCM – Bronze sword
DCM - Bronze sword, two bronze stars: Participated in an operation where at 
least 100 national or international category C traitors were executed
DCM - Bronze sword, one bronze star: Participated in an operation where at 
least 10 national or international category C traitors where executed 
DCM - Bronze sword: Participated in an operation where at least 2 national or 
international category C traitors were executed
2. Distinguished Saboteur Master Commendation
The “Distinguished Saboteur Master Commendation” is awarded to personnel who have 
successfully caused a minimum of 1 million Euro of property/ infrastructure damage 
and/or production halt loss. This includes secondary losses due to halt in 
production/services provided etc. It is preferred that the infrastructure/services affected 
are in some way directly connected to the regime.
Sub category:
SM – Bronze sword
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 1 million 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Bronze sword, one bronze star
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 10 million 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Bronze sword, two bronze stars
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 50 million 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Silver sword
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 100 million 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Silver sword, one silver star
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 250 million 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Silver sword, two silver stars
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 500 million 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Gold sword
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 1 billion Euro. 
This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Gold sword, one gold star
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 2,5 billion 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Gold sword, two gold stars
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 5 billion Euro. 
This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
SM – Gold sword, three gold stars
Property/infrastructure damage and/or production halt loss of at least 10 billion 
Euro. This includes secondary losses due to halt in production/services provided etc.
3. Distinguished Wielder of the Furious Scimitar Commendation 
The “Distinguished Wielder of the Furious Scimitar Commendation” is awarded to 
personnel who have initiated a manipulative and destructive attack against an Islamic 
cultural center or mosque inflicting at least 10 casualties to worshippers/employees. The 
secondary effects of this attack will be significant as many Muslims will set out on a short 
or long term Jihadi rampage campaign causing significant and additional destruction and 
chaos.
Sub category:
WFS – Bronze sword
10 direct casualties
WFS – Bronze sword
50 direct casualties 
WFS – Gold sword
100 direct casualties
Secondary effects:
-
Violent city wide Islamic reaction: one star 
-
Violent Nationwide Islamic reaction: two stars
-
Violent Pan European or international Islamic reaction: three stars
4. Distinguished Cross Medal
Three variations indicating if the cell is land, sea or aerial based.
Sub category:
a.
Distinguished Infantry Cross Medal: Awarded for participation in an 
exceptional infantry/land-based military operation.
b.
Distinguished Navy Cross Medal: Awarded for participation in an exceptional 
sea-based military operation. 
c.
Distinguished Air Cross Medal: Awarded for participation in an exceptional 
aerial military operation.
5. Lord of War Commendation 
The candidate has successfully built and used a weapon of mass destruction (WMD) 
executing/killing at least 10 category A, B or C traitors in the process.
Sub category:
LW – Bronze sword
Involving a conventional WMD, usually a “barrack buster” (fertiliser bomb).
LW – Silver sword
Involving a biological or chemical WMD.
LW – Gold sword
Involving a nuclear WMD.
6. Commendation of Clandestine Logistical Excellence
Awarded for the use and implementation of exceptional logistical skills in a military 
operation. The candidate has bought the required weaponry, armour and wmd 
components, preferably in the black market of another European country, and smuggled 
it across the national border. Furthermore, the candidate has established at least two well 
hidden/underground armour/explosive/equipment caches preferably in the neighbouring 
country and used them for storage of his wmd components, weaponry, armour and other 
essential equipment until he was ready to execute his operation.
Sub category:
CCLE – Bronze sword
Involving conventional weapons/armour without a WMD.
CCLE – Silver sword
Involving conventional weapons/armour with a conventional WMD, usually a 
“barrack buster” (fertiliser bomb).
CCLE – Gold sword
Involving conventional weapons with an unconventional WMD, biological, nuclear 
etc.
7. Commendation of the Financier
Sub category:
Commendation of the Financier – Bronze sword
Fund your own cells military operation by your own acquired funds, external 
capitalisation, credit or through a fund raiser held for a “good cause”; requires 
funds of at least 10 000 Euro
25 000 Euro
+ 1 bronze star
50 000 Euro
+ 2 bronze stars
75 000 Euro
+ 3 bronze stars
Commendation of the Financier – Silver sword
100 000 Euro
250 000 Euro
+ 1 silver star
500 000 Euro
+ 2 silver stars
750 000 Euro
+ 3 silver stars
Commendation of the Financier – Gold sword
1 million Euro
2,5 million Euro
+ 1 gold star
5 million Euro
+ 2 gold stars
7,5 million Euro
+ 3 gold stars
8. Commendation of Intellectual Excellence
Awarded for the contribution to the PCCTS, Knights Templar or for the National or Pan-
European Resistance Movement through significant and long term efforts involving 
intellectual contributions; 
•
Patriotic strategy/essay/article writing (intellectual works) for specific nationalist 
orientated organisations or to media companies, news sites, media sites etc.
•
Develop political, rhetorical, organisational or military strategies etc for at least one of 
the 8 political fronts. 
Sub category:
CIE – Bronze sword
Recognised nationally.
CIE – Silver sword
Recognised in several European countries and at least in either the UK, Germany or 
France.
CIE – Gold sword
Recognised internationally; in several European countries and at least in either the 
UK, Germany or France +  the US + and at least in either Canada, Australia, New 
Zealand or South Africa.
9. Recruiter Training Commendation (military and civilian)
Recruit training is the initial indoctrination and instruction given to new or potential 
civilian or military contributors. The candidate has contributed significantly to recruit 
sympathisers of the cause and coached them in such a fashion that they are contributing 
directly to the National or Pan-European Resistance Movement in the 8th political front 
(armed resistance). The process of transforming civilians into soldiers has been described 
as a form of conditioning in which inductees are encouraged to partially submerge their 
individuality for the good of the cause. Conditioning is essential for military function 
because combat requires people to endure stress and perform actions which are simply 
not present in normal life. Recruit training is absolutely essential in this context.
10. Purple Cross Medal 
Awarded to personnel who have been wounded in combat. 
Sub category:
Purple Cross – Bronze sword
Light wounds
Purple Cross – Silver sword
Severe wounds
Purple Cross – Gold sword
Crippling wounds – involving amputation of limb, severe burns or severe damage to 
face.
11. Prisoner of War Medal (military and civilian)
The Prisoner of War Medal may be awarded to any person who was or is a prisoner of 
war. It is awarded to any person who was or is taken prisoner or held captive while 
engaged in an action against a category A, B or C traitor or against one of the criminal 
European multiculturalist regimes. 
12. Foreign Campaign Medal
Awarded for exceptional military contributions to members of a cell operating on foreign 
ground (European countries only). The operation itself must be executed on foreign 
ground (not just the planning phase).
13. Multi-National Force Medal
Awarded for exceptional military contributions in direct cooperation with foreign nationals 
(Limited to European cooperation). One of the cell members must be a foreign national.
The 5 basic civilian and military commendations
The 5 basic commendations are awarded as default to all Justiciar Knights who have 
earned one of the three primary commendations: 
•
Distinguished Destroyer of cultural Marxism Commendation (DCM)
•
Distinguished Saboteur Master Commendation (SM)
•
Distinguished Wielder of the Furious Scimitar Commendation (WFS)
4 of these commendations can also be earned for civilian efforts (more on this later).
14. National Defence Service Medal (military)
Awarded for exceptional military contributions against category A, B and C individuals 
(or their interests) who directly/indirectly propagated or facilitated the general 
implementation of multiculturalist/cultural Marxist doctrines.
15. Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal (military and civilian)
Awarded for exceptional voluntary contributions for the defence of European identity, 
culture, traditions, European Christendom (European civilisation) and for efforts against 
the implementation of Multiculturalist doctrines and ongoing Islamisation. The Justiciar 
Knight is required to have earned a DCM, SM or WFS Commendation unless he qualifies 
for non-military efforts.
16. Honourable Crusader Medal (military and civilian)
Awarded for significant contributions/efforts to liberate Europe from Islam. 
Furthermore, it is awarded for the indirect (P1) efforts to liberate and defend 
Jerusalem, Constantinople, Coptic Christians, Assyrian Christians, Maronite Christians, 
Various other Christian/Jewish minorities worldwide (including efforts to drive out Islam 
from the Balkans, Anatolia or any other Christian territory where Islam is currently the 
occupational force). Can be awarded to contributors on all 8 fronts (non-PCCTS military 
or civilian). The Justiciar Knight is required to have earned a DCM, SM or WFS 
Commendation unless he qualifies for non-military efforts.
17. Legacy of Charles Martel & John III Sobieski Medal (military and civilian) 
Awarded for exceptional efforts against the implementation of multiculturalism and 
therefore against the ongoing Islamisation of Europe. The Justiciar Knight is required to 
have earned a DCM, SM or WFS Commendation unless he qualifies for non-military 
efforts.
18. Defender of Christendom Medal (military and civilian)
Awarded for exceptional efforts against the implementation of cultural Marxism (which 
involves the deconstruction of European Christendom) and therefore for the 
preservation of European Christendom. The Justiciar Knight is required to have earned 
a DCM, SM or WFS Commendation unless he qualifies for non-military efforts.
Future Military Service Medals (during and/or after phase 2/3)
19. Multi-Cultural Force Medal (most likely in phase 2 and 3)
Awarded for military cooperation with nationalist Hindu, Buddhist, Jewish and/or atheist 
forces (non-European) on Hindu, Buddhist or Jewish territory. These efforts must be 
directed against Jihadi or cultural Marxist forces, personnel or interests. 
After phase 3
Europe
•
Liberation of the Balkans Service Medal: Awarded for assisting to drive out Islam from 
occupied territory belonging to Serbia and Croatia (Kosovo and Bosnia-Herzegovina).
•
Liberation of Macedonia Service Medal: Awarded for assisting to drive out Islam from 
Macedonia. 
•
Liberation of Albania Service Medal: Awarded for assisting to drive out Islam from 
Albania.
•
Liberation of Southern Russia Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Russian forces to 
drive out Islam from southern Russia.
Asia
•
Liberation of Anatolia Service Medal: Awarded for assisting to drive out Islam from 
occupied territory belonging to Greece and Armenia.
•
Liberation of Constantinople Service Medal: Awarded for assisting to drive out Islam 
from the occupied city of Constantinople.
•
Liberation of India Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Indian nationalist forces to 
drive out Islam from Indian territory.
•
Liberation of Thailand Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Thai nationalist forces to 
drive out Islam from Thai territory.
•
Liberation of the Philippines Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Philippino nationalist 
forces to drive out Islam from the Philippines. 
•
Liberation of China Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Chinese nationalist forces to 
drive out Islam from China.
Africa
•
Liberation of Southern Sudan Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Southern Sudanese 
Christian/animist forces to drive out Islam from Southern Sudan.
•
Liberation of  Ethiopia Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Ethiopian 
nationalist/Christian forces to drive out Islam from Ethiopia.
•
Liberation of Kenya Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Kenyan nationalist/Christian 
forces to drive out Islam from Kenya.
•
Liberation of Southern Nigeria Service Medal: Awarded for assisting Southern Nigerian 
nationalist/Christian forces to drive out Islam from Southern Nigeria.
Temporary adoption of readily available commendations/accessories
Considering the fact that there has not yet been established a European Overseer 
organisation, we have not been able to focus our resources on uniform and 
commendation (medal/ribbon) design and production. As such, we are left with no choice 
but to temporarily adopt readily available existing designs from regular armies. 
Considering the fact that the most readily available commendations are from the US 
army we will have to adopt some of their military accessories until we have the capacity, 
organisational structure and funding to design our own. Hopefully, a well funded civilian 
Overseer organisation will be established by 2020 which will allow us access to authentic 
and original uniforms with decorations specifically designed for our accomplishments. 
Until we are in a situation where we have access to authentic and original medals we will 
have no choice but to restrict/limit our full size decorations to illustrative ribbons for 
mounting in ribbon racks.
Ribbon bar mounted on a ribbon rack
Ribbon bars are small decorations that are usually worn by military, police, and fire 
service personnel or by civilians. Ribbon bars are mainly used when wearing either full 
decoration, or when wearing medals is considered inappropriate or impractical. Each 
military force has its own rules on what ribbons are worn in which order of precedence. 
Some awards are "ribbon only", having no associated medal. Ribbon bars are worn in 
rows on the chest. The collection of bars is collectively referred to as a "ribbon rack".

