# 3.67 Knights Templar uniform

> 原文页码: 1091-1097

Total: 1010-1650 USD for complete uniform jacket with decorations and insignias.
Wear and Appearance of Military or Civilian Insignia
Medals are traditionally awarded in standard size and 
miniature size together with a diploma.
Miniature medals are replicas of regular size medals, made 
to a scale of one-half the size of the original. The only 
exception is the Justiciar Knight Order and two other breast 
jewel commendation, for which there is no miniature. Full 
size medals are usually too large to be worn. As we do not 
have access to our original designs we wear ribbons 
instead.
Medal/ribbon/apparel manufacturers (customisation available for larger 
orders):
http://www.masoniccollection.com/
http://www.usmedals.com
http://www.marlowwhite.com/
http://www.collectors.demon.co.uk
http://www.militaryclothing.com
http://www.freemasonstore.com/
3.67 Knights Templar uniform
The general public is used to seeing police or military personnel in uniform. There are 
sports uniforms, religious robes, academic gowns, and once there were formal black 
jackets and striped trousers for stockbrokers and members of the financial community. 
The original Knights Templar also had its modes of attire, though rarely paraded in public 
but donned at Lodge meetings to the extent that one of the military officers had the duty 
“to see the brethren properly clothed”.
A uniform is a set of standard clothing usually worn by members of an organisation while 
participating in that organisation's activity. Modern uniforms are worn by armed forces 
and paramilitary organisations such as police, emergency services, security guards, in 
some workplaces and schools and by inmates in prisons.
In the case of uniforms worn by military personnel or civilian officials, there are generally 
several kinds of uniforms:
-
Battledress, khakis (typical camouflaged war uniforms);
-
Dress uniform: worn at ceremonies, official receptions, and other special occasions; medals 
are typically worn.
-
Everyday work uniform, where earned medals are typically replaced by ribbon bars;
Justiciar Knights and the PCCTS, Knights Templar uniform
Due to the clandestine nature of our military order and operations during phase 1, 
Justiciar Knights do not normally use typical battle dresses (battle uniforms). Instead we 
adopt our enemy’s uniforms (usually police “battle uniforms/armour”) and copy their 
exact insignias and IDs in order to cause confusion and sow hesitation. By doing this we 
increase each Justiciar Knights chances to effectuate his operation successfully before he 
is apprehended, is killed or can escape.  
Furthermore, even if we where to use our own battle uniforms, wearing a camouflage 
suit in an urban environment would be pointless. Also, using a battle uniform in an urban 
area (or anywhere else) would only raise suspicion and alert our enemies and thus nullify 
the element of surprise. 
The uniform of the PCCTS, Knights Templar is therefore a dress uniform which will be 
used during special occasions. Our dress uniform during phase 1 will be used for the sole 
purpose of representing the authority of our military order and tribunal during trial. The 
likely destiny of any Justiciar Knight in phase 1 is either death through martyrdom or 
apprehension. In the latter scenario we use our uniform with decorations during our trial 
to show clearly that we do not acknowledge the illegal regimes operating in Western 
Europe. After all, the PCCTS, Knights Templar is the highest political and military 
authority in Western Europe. During trial, we clearly demonstrate this by demanding a 
full capitulation from the criminal multiculturalist regime to our patriotic forces. 
Obviously, this is not likely to happen during phase 1. Nevertheless, it is still an 
important formality required from all Justiciar Knights in phase 1.
End note: you may see a picture of the Knights Templar dress uniform at the last pages 
of the compendium.
PCCTS, Knights Templar ranks - insignias
A Justiciar Knight Commander wears epaulettes (shoulder boards) with a gold cross on 
red background and a gold aiguillette. The use of an aiguillette is reserved for officers 
only (commander and grand master).
A Justiciar Knight Operative wears epaulettes with a gold cross on purple background.
Justiciar Knight Operative:
Justiciar Knight Commander:
National Grand Master Knight Commander:
Future rank – P1/P2/P3
Pan-European Grand Master Knight Commander:
Future rank – P2/P3
Note: apprehended individual(s) may gain a tactical advantage during an investigation or 
during a trial using incorrect rank distinction. An apprehended Justiciar Knight may 
therefore pose as a commander or vice verca to confuse and fool the system protectors 
(police) if somehow desired. 
The dress uniform of the PCCTS, Knights Templar consists of the following 
parts:
•
A stripped USMC dress blues jacket – dark blue/black (remove buttons and other insignias 
as we will apply our own)
•
Dark blue/black dress pants
•
Black dress shoes
•
White gloves (preferably leather)
•
A USMC version Sam Browne belt (black)
•
Gold aiguillette, British officer version (worn on the left side, opposite side of decorations), 
for officers only
Decorations/specific PCCTS, Knights Templar insignias: 
•
Knights Templar Commander Epaulettes (shoulder boards) – gold cross on red background 
(commander), gold cross on purple background (operative)
•
Badge of the Justiciar Knight (cross of the martyrs impaling a skull) worn on your right 
upper arm
•
Your national flag, worn on your left upper arm (your family coat of arms may be applied 
below the flag)
•
2 x red Knights Templar collar crosses 
•
Knights Templar gold buttons - IHSV with a cross, 6 large, 12 small
•
Ribbons on rack, worn on the right side of your chest (slightly above your heart)
•
The “Justiciar Knight Military Order breast jewel”, Knight of Malta breast jewel and the “Red 
Cross of Constantine breast jewel” are worn just bellow your ribbon rack
Describing the individual parts of the Justiciar Knight uniform
USMC dress blues jacket
The uniform jacket is an elaborate uniform worn for formal or ceremonial occasions. Its 
basic shape and form is a copy of older European versions and dates back to the 18th 
century British and French army uniforms. The PCCTS, Knights Templar has adopted the 
stripped version of the USMC dress blues jacket due to the classic design and availability. 
When you order the jacket, you strip it of accoutrements (buttons and insignias) and 
apply our own. 
The US size may be followed by a letter designation S = Short, R = Regular, L = Long.
Euro
42 44 46 48 50 52 54 5
6 58
Japan S S S M L
L
LL LL LL
US/UK 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 4
6 48
A USMC dress blues jacket can easily be bought on eBay or in one of many stores:
http://www.usmcblues.com/blues.html
Cost varies from 45 USD for a used jacket to 250 USD for a new set. You do not need the hat, the belt and the pants so you 
obviously do not have to order a full set.
USMC version Sam Browne belt (black)
The Sam Browne belt is a wide belt, usually leather, which is supported by a strap going 
diagonally over the right shoulder. It is most often seen as part of a military or police 
uniform.
Origins
Sam Browne was a British army officer serving in India in the 19th century. In those days 
officers always carried a sword into battle. It hung from a little strap on the waistbelt, 
called a 'frog'. However, the scabbard tended to slide around a lot when they charged the 
enemy, meaning that it had to be steadied with the left hand. During the mutiny of 1857 
in India, Captain Sam Browne received two sword cuts, one on the left knee and one 
which severed his left arm at the shoulder. He survived the injuries but without a left 
hand, he found that he was now unable to control his sword. He came up with the idea of 
wearing a second belt which went over his right shoulder and held the scabbard in just 
the spot he wanted. Other officers began wearing the extra belt themselves, and soon it 
became part of the standard uniform.
Usage
Due to its former use as equipment for carrying a sword, it is traditionally only worn by 
those to whom a sword would historically have been issued, i.e., officers. Throughout 
most of its modern history, however, its main function has been to carry a pistol, and it 
was found to be particularly useful with the heavy pistols typically used during the first 
part of the 20th century.
The Sam Browne belt is today used by many national armies, the British and US army 
being the most notable. In addition it is used by many police forces around the world. 
Safety
Sam Browne belts have been criticised as unsafe during a close physical altercation. An 
assailant can easily grab hold of the belt and throw the wearer off balance, throw the 
wearer to the ground, or even choke the wearer by ripping one end of the belt from its 
mooring and quickly wrapping it around the neck. Some criminals became so adept at 
using a police officer's Sam Browne belt against him that police departments began 
ordering it discontinued as part of patrol gear. It remained, however, as a 
ceremonial/decorative piece of gear.
The USMC version Sam Browne belt can be ordered here (or in several other stores):
http://www.uniforms-4u.com/p-usmc-sam-brown-belt-6219.aspx
EBay usually offers cheaper versions. Price varies from 80-150 USD.
Gold aiguillette on Justiciar Knight Uniform
A gold aiguillette is a feature on the Justiciar Knight officer uniform (for commanders and 
grand masters only).
An aiguillette is an ornamental braided cord most often worn on uniforms where it will 
denote an honour. Originally, the word "aiguillette" referred to the lacing used to fasten 
plate armour together. As such, a knot or loop arrangement was used which sometimes 
hung from the shoulder.
Aiguillettes should not be confused with lanyards, which are cords also worn from the 
shoulder (or around the neck), but do not have the pointed aiguillette tips (see Aiguillette 
(ornament)) and are usually of fiber rather than gold or silver wire, and often not 
braided.
A series of legends has developed about the origin of aiguillettes. One account relates 
that when certain European troops behaved reprehensibly on the field of battle, their 
commander decided to hang certain of them. The troops asked to be given a chance to 
redeem themselves and started wearing a rope and spike about their shoulders with the 
promise that if they ever behaved badly again, they were ready to be hanged on the 
spot. It is further related that these troops covered themselves with glory thereafter.
A gold aiguillette can be ordered here (or in several other stores):
http://www.uniforms-4u.com/store/search/search.aspx
http://www.marlowwhite.com/
Select the British officer version preferably. Ebay usually offers cheaper versions. Price varies from 40-150 USD. Choose mylar 
over nylon (I personally prefer mylar over bullion as well).
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aiguillette
Knights Templar epaulettes (shoulder boards) 
Epaulettes are a type of ornamental shoulder piece or decoration used as insignia of rank 
by armed forces and other organizations. Colloquially, the word has also come to refer to 
some types of shoulder strap.
Epaulettes are fastened to the shoulder by a shoulder strap, a small strap parallel to the 
shoulder seam and the button near the collar, or by laces on the underside of the 
epaulette passing through holes in the shoulder of the coat. The placement of the 
epaulette, its color and the length and diameter of its bullion fringe are used to signify 
the wearer's rank. At the join of the fringe and the shoulderpiece is often a metal piece in 
the form of a crescent. Although originally worn in the field, epaulettes are more common 
today on dress or ceremonial uniforms. Shoulder straps are also found on civilian clothing 
that derives from military uniforms such as the trench coat, the safari jacket and other 
garments.
The PCCTS, Knights Templar use hand embroidered epaulettes on our uniform with 
golden bullion threads on red velvet background (commander or purple velvet 
background (operative). A golden templar cross is embroidered in the middle of a frame. 
There is black fabric on the back with Velcro (hook and loop). One part of Velcro is sewn 
on the back of the patch and the other part is free.
Length: 10,2 cm, width: 5,1 cm (2 x 4 inches) 
PCCTS, Knights Templar epaulettes can be ordered here (or in several other stores):
http://stores.shop.ebay.com/PADAMNABH-EXPORTS
Price 28 USD incl. shipping directly from India. Other stores charge 60-110 USD
http://www.lafsco.com/knighttemplar.html (KT-108B)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epaulettes
Jacket Buttons
Jacket buttons are applied illustrating the following: IHSV (under this sign conquer) with 
a cross, gold buttons – 6 large, 12 small
PCCTS, Knights Templar buttons can be ordered here (or in several other stores):
http://www.lafsco.com
http://www.themaac.com/ktemp/ktaccessories.html
White Gloves
The PCCTS, Knights Templar have included white gloves as a feature to our uniform. 
Symbolically, white gloves represent an important aspect in our efforts. Gloves are a 
necessary part of our wear to protect our hands and the hands are critical to our work. 
The hands are the source of our labour and represent the builder within us. Not only to 
protect the hands are gloves needed, they are to preserve the cleanliness of the hands, 
thus insuring the perfection of the work. The White Gloves are to represent the innocence 
of the acts performed and purity and attention to detail in action. 
Beyond that expression of innocence is a deeper lesson for us. Our hands are the source 
of our actions and we should guard them accordingly. The left hand serves as a constant 
reminder of equity and justice toward all. Always maintaining a true and sincere freedom 
from bias, we should strive to be fair in all of our actions. The right hand is recognised as 
the seat of fidelity and, since fidelity means a strict faithfulness to an obligation, trust, or 
duty, we must pay due attention to the protection of the right. 
The White Gloves should always remind us of dignity and obligation and that we should 
always strive to carry out our work with extreme attention to detail. 
White Gloves can be ordered from this shop or a multitude of others:
http://www.masoniccollection.com
The badge of the Justiciar Knight
The badge of the Justiciar Knight illustrates a white skull, 
marked with the symbols of communism, Islam and Nazism 
on the forehead, impaled on the cross of the martyrs. The 
background is black. The badge of the Justiciar Knight 
illustrates our patriotic struggle/ opposition against all 
three primary hate ideologies of our time: Islam, 
Multiculturalism (Communism) and Nazism.  
The badge of the Justiciar Knight is worn on the left upper 
arm while the national flag is worn on the right upper arm. 
Our military uniform with commendations, insignia and 
badges should be worn during the trial after a successful 
operation in cases where the Justiciar Knight survives. The 
commendations and insignias should be provided post-
operation by an Overseer.
I ordered two badges from: Indian Art Company (indianartco@gmail.com). They 
have a high resolution image on file (file name: dagger and skull). The two badges 
cost me a total of 220 USD (150 USD for badges and another 70 USD for Fedex 
shipping). 
Title: Sir Knight
The title: Sir Knight (Lady for females) will be awarded to any and all individuals who 
have martyred themselves for the cause, the principles of the PCCTS, Knights Templar. 
The title is a post-mortem award.

