# 3.68 Knights Templar honourary tombstone

> 原文页码: 1098-1099

3.68 Knights Templar honourary tombstone
The PCCTS, Knights Templar honourary tombstone is created to honour certain martyrs 
of the European Resistance Movement. It is usually the Overseers task to award, 
produce, distribute and handle logistical arrangements in regards to the Knights Templar 
tombstone. 
The overseer will take the initiative to create the Justiciar Knight tombstone and ensure 
that it is offered to the next of kin. 
The Western European regulations concerning the violation of graves protect any grave 
stone and prevent the government from removing/alter the text on any stone. As such, it 
is a great way to tell the world exactly what you feel(felt), statements otherwise not 
possible to display. 
Front side of the tombstone
The front side of the tombstone may be decorated with 
the following text:
BORN INTO MARXIST SLAVERY ON XX.XX.19XX. DIED AS A 
MARTYR FIGHTING THE “WESTERN EUROPEAN COUNTRY” 
MARXIST CRIMINAL REGIME. SIR KNIGHT “FULL NAME”, A 
JUSTICIAR KNIGHT COMMANDER (or operative) FOR THE 
PAUPERES COMMILITONES CHRISTI TEMPLIQUE SOLOMONICI, 
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR AND A LEADER (or member/operative) OF 
THE ARMED NATIONAL RESISTANCE MOVEMENT, DIED AS A 
MARTYR FIGHTING FOR THE FREEDOM OF HIS PEOPLE AND THE 
SOVEREIGNTY OF HIS FATHERLAND ON XX.XX.2XXX. ALL FREE 
EUROPEANS ARE IN YOUR ETERNAL DEBT.
Back side of the tombstone
The back side of the tombstone has a motif or sculpture of 
a knight’s armour (this may also be replaced with a 
shield) displaying three numbers, three significant years 
marking the two most important battles of Europe (732 
and 1683) and includes a prophecy of the third (2083). 
The back side may be decorated with the following text:
MARTYRDOM BEFORE DHIMMITUDE! NEVER SURRENDER!
The quote “never surrender” is from a statement made by 
Winston Churchill.
IHSV or IN HOC SIGNO VINCES means “under this sign, 
you will conquer” and was coined by the first Christian 
Roman emperor Constantine I  in 312 AD. 
Describing the primary features of the Justiciar Knight tombstone
The Doric base
The simple Doric base of the stone symbolises the Justiciar Knights voluntary path 
consisting of struggle, poverty and suffering. He ignores the path of decadence and 
instead chooses the difficult path of sacrifice because serving his people and the 
sovereignty of his country is more important to him than a life of self-centeredness.
Corinthian columns
The rich and slender Corinthian columns (either 2 or 4) represent our collective and 
societal pursuit for perfection. The pursuit for perfection should always be the primary 
individual, societal and civilisational goal. 
The sword impaling the tombstone
Generally, the sword symbolises a high ranking, or otherwise significant military person. 
The sword should represent your region/country and should be a high quality replica 
from an important epoch in your national history. Every sword should be distinctive and 
correlate to the national historical traditions of the Justiciar Knight in question.
Distinctive symbols may be added
Distinctive national, regional, cultural or religious symbols may be added to de base 
design of the tombstone. F example; an individual who would like to emphasise Odinistic 
cultural traditions may add runes or other related symbols on the back side of the 
tombstone. Justiciar Knights should make requests such as these in their will/testament. 
Nationalist symbols can be selected but any political symbols related to Nazism are 
strictly prohibited.
Common gravestone symbols:
-
Angel - Flying it would mean rebirth or resurrection; Trumpeting means resurrection; Weeping 
symbolises grief and mourning. An angel is the messenger between god and man.
-
Arches - Victory in death.
-
Arrow - Mortality; martyrdom.
-
Bird - Eternal life. If it’s flying, it stands for eternal life.
-
Bugles - Resurrection; the military.
-
Columns - Heavenly entrance.
-
Crown - Glory of life after death; righteousness.
-
Eye of God - God sees all.
-
Grim Reaper - Death personified.
-
Hand on the neck - Sacrifice.
-
Laurel leaves and branches - represent special achievement and distinction.
-
Laurel branch and leaves - Special achievement, distinction; success; heroism.

