# 3.69 Background information – symbolism of insignia

> 原文页码: 1100-1102

-
Lion - Courage.
-
Pyramid - Eternal life, resurrection
-
Scythe - Death; the divine harvest.
-
Shield - Strength and courage. May indicate military service.
-
Skull - Mortality.
-
Skull/Crossed bones - Death.
-
Skeleton - Life’s brevity.
-
Snake(tail in mouth) - Everlasting life in heaven.
-
Winged Skull - Flight of the soul from mortal man.
-
Wreath - Victory.
-
Wreath on Skull - Victory of death over life.
3.69 Background information – symbolism of insignia
History of the Red Cross of Constantine - IHSV, the Labarum
The PCCTS, Knights Templar awards the Red Cross of Constantine award under the 
name;  
Constantine I
Caesar Flavius Valerius Aurelius Constantinus Augustus[3] (27 February c. 272[2] – 22 
May 337), commonly known in English as Constantine I, Constantine the Great, was 
Roman emperor from 306, and the sole holder of that office from 324 until his death in 
337. He is best known for being the first Christian Roman emperor.
The Byzantine liturgical calendar, observed by the Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern 
Catholic Churches of Byzantine rite, lists both Constantine and his mother Helena as 
saints. Although he is not included in the Latin Church's list of saints, which does 
recognise several other Constantines as saints, he is revered under the title "The Great" 
for his contributions to Christianity. 
Constantine also transformed the ancient Greek colony of Byzantium into a new imperial 
residence, Constantinople, which would remain the capital of the Eastern Roman Empire 
for over one thousand years. His most famous building projects include the Church of the 
Holy Sepulchre, in Jerusalem and Old Saint Peter's Basilica. Old Saint Peter's Basilica was 
the building that once stood on the spot where the Basilica of Saint Peter stands today in 
Rome
Red Cross of Constantine
The Red Cross of Constantine is one of the earliest Christian symbols of Knighthood and 
was introduced by the Roman emperor Constantine I in the year 312. It originates from 
the labarum[1] which was a vexillum (military standard) that displayed the "Chi-Rho" 
symbol, formed from the first two Greek letters of the word "Christ" - Chi (χ) and Rho 
(ρ). Since the vexillum consisted of a flag suspended from the crossbar of a cross, it was 
ideally suited to symbolise crucifixion.
“When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard 
against him”
Isaiah 59:19
By tradition the Labarum was ordered to be carried before the legions of Constantine 
after he had a vision in the heavens of a "cross of light" and the Greek words EN TOUTO 
NIKA (conquer by this) and a subsequent nocturnal encounter with the Lord Jesus Christ 
who told him to conquer under His sign. Constantine directed that a spear be covered in 
gold with a crosspiece representing a cross, and that the image of the chi-rho, the first 
two Greek initials in the name Christ, be placed above the crosspiece encircled by a 
crown/wreath. A banner hung from the crosspiece of imperial (Tyrian) purple and gold 
cloth. Constantine had this Labarum carried before his legions as he defeated a much 
larger pagan Roman force outside of Rome. He directed some of his men to place the chi-
rho on their shields and he wore it on his helmet. Constantine selected 50 men, called 
the Praepositi Laberorum, to form a colour guard to protect the Labarum. Constantine 
later recognised these men and organised them into the Golden Chivalry - Torquati (so 
named for their gold collars) and Perfectissimi (Most Perfect Knights).
IHSV – In Hoc Signo Vinces
In hoc signo vinces is the rendition in Latin of the Greek phrase "ἐν τούτῳ νίκα", en toutōi 
nika, meaning "with this as your standard you shall have victory".
According to legend, Constantine I adopted this phrase, as a motto after his vision of a 
chi rho on the sky just before the Battle of Milvian Bridge against Maxentius in the year 
312. In later periods the christogram "IHS" both stood for the first three letters of 
"Jesus" in Latinised Greek (Latinised IHSOVS) and "in hoc signo" from the legend.
The initials "IHSV" is thus taken from the Latin phrase "IN HOC SIGNO VINCES" (Under 
this Sign Conquer).
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labarum
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_hoc_signo_vinces
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constantine_I
Explaining columns - classical order – the primary ancient styles of classical 
architecture
A classical order is one of the ancient styles of classical architecture, each distinguished 
by its proportions and characteristic profiles and details, and most readily recognisable by 
the type of column employed. From the sixteenth century onwards, architectural 
theorists recognised five orders. Each style has its proper entablature, consisting of 
architrave, frieze and cornice.
Ranged in the engraving from the stockiest and most primitive to the richest and most 
slender, they are: Tuscan (Roman) and Doric (Greek and Roman, illustrated here in its 
Roman version); Ionic (Greek version) and Ionic (Roman version); Corinthian (Greek and 
Roman) and composite (Roman). Initially, there were just three ancient and original 
orders of architecture, the Doric, Ionic and Corinthian, which were invented by the 
Greeks. To these the Romans added the Tuscan, which they made simpler than the Doric, 
and the Composite, which was more ornamental than the Corinthian.
The order of a classical building is like the mode or key of classical music, or the 
grammar and rhetoric of a written composition.
There are three parts of a column. A column is divided into a shaft, its base and its 
capital. In classical buildings the horisontal structure that is supported on the columns 
like a beam is called an entablature. The entablature is commonly divided into the 
architrave, the frieze and the cornice. To distinguish between the different Classical 
orders, the capital is used, having the most distinct characteristics.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_order
Military salutation of the PCCTS, Knights Templar
The military salutation of the PCCTS, Knights Templar is the clenched fist salute. The 
raised fist salute consists of raising the right arm with a clenched fist (preferably with a 
white glove). The clenched fist symbolizes strength, honour and defiance against the 
Marxist tyrants of Europe while the white glove symbolizes purity, duty, kinship and 
martyrdom. Using the right arm symbolizes the tradition of the “Right Opposition”. The 
salutation is in line with traditional usage, as we regard the present ruling multiculturalist 
elites in Western Europe as left wing fascists. Our military salutation has nothing to do 
with the so called “white power” salutation or the “Roman Salute” (Saluto Romano), 
where the palm is faced down with fingers touching, often known as the Hitler Salute 
used by National Socialists.

