# 3.70 Court/trial statements for Justiciar Knight and other patriotic resistance fighters after an operation

> 原文页码: 1103-1110

3.70 Court/trial statements for Justiciar Knight and other patriotic resistance 
fighters after an operation 
These statements are meant to be used after a successful operation. If you are arrested 
during the planning or acquisition phase then, obviously, ignore the following approaches 
and rather focus on getting acquitted so you may implement your operation B. 
A trial is an excellent opportunity and a well suited arena the Justiciar Knight can use to 
publicly renounce the authority of the EUSSR/USASSR hegemony and the specific cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regime. After all, this hegemony is nothing more than a global 
criminal network consisting of fundamentally undemocratic, anti-national dictatorships. 
The individual countries in this cultural Marxist/multiculturalist criminal network are not 
democracies and have not been real democracies since perhaps the 1950s. Instead they 
are dictated by a small elite of political and cultural leaders who deliberately use the state 
institutions and media companies to indoctrinate and control their own people. The 
accused should use this opportunity to present all available documentation, illustrations 
and proof included in this compendium (2083 – A European Declaration of Independence) 
to claim his innocence. However, he should also at a later stage in the trial demand 
freedom on behalf of his people and demand that the regime in question immediately 
and without hesitation capitulates to the pan-European tribunal – PCCTS, represented by 
the accused, the Justiciar Knight and the national patriotic forces he indirectly controls. 
The Justiciar Knight must demand the right to form a cultural conservative tribunal 
consisting of the 20 most dedicated and trustworthy cultural conservative/patriotic 
leaders in the country. Furthermore, he must demand that that the national parliament 
immediately transfers all political powers to this newly established tribunal/cabinet. The 
Justiciar Knight must also demand at least 20 hours of unrestricted access to the national 
broadcasting company in order to consolidate and rally an initial and loyal patriotic 
military force (2000 should be a benchmark depending on the size of the country). The 
Justiciar Knight and the newly established tribunal will then appoint one trustworthy 
individual in his newly appointed cabinet to be the new national military commander with 
control of the national regular military forces. Martial law must be declared in this 
transitional period. (See relevant phase 3 strategies for more detailed descriptions). 
By the time you are done presenting your demands, the judges and the trial audience will 
probably laugh their asses off and mock you for being ridiculous. Nevertheless, it is 
important to ignore the ridicule and remain firm and focused. After all, it is what we in 
fact expect to happen one day. If we truly believe that, then more people will as well. It 
might sound completely ridiculous and funny to most people today. But by presenting the 
following accusations and demands in all seriousness we are indirectly conditioning 
everyone listening for the conflicts and scenarios ahead. They will laugh today, but in the 
back of their minds, they have an ounce of fear, respect and admiration for our cause and 
the alternative and authority we represent. Because they know that it is not completely 
unlikely that the scenario you just described will in fact happen one day in a not too 
distant future. 
So the key word is “conditioning”, through indirect psychological warfare, directed at our 
enemies by presenting them with given scenario. We are thus indirectly preparing not 
only our enemies but our people for what lies ahead. Do not whisper these accusations 
and demands but tell them out loudly and proudly.
Opening statement – Knights Templar trial
An opening statement is an introductory statement made by the attorneys for each side 
at the start of a trial. The opening statement, although not mandatory, is seldom waived 
because it offers a valuable opportunity to provide an overview of the case to the jury 
and to explain the anticipated proof that will be presented during the course of the trial. 
The primary purpose of an opening statement is to apprise the trier of fact, whether jury 
or court, of the issues in question and to summarise the evidence that the party intends 
to offer during the trial. The Supreme Court has characterised an opening statement as 
"ordinarily intended to do no more than to inform the jury in a general way of the nature 
of the action and defence so that they may better be prepared to understand the 
evidence"
Most practitioners and legal scholars agree that an effective opening statement is vital to 
the trial process. The importance of an opening statement has been established by 
studies that showed that 80 percent of jurors' ultimate conclusions with respect to the 
verdict corresponded with their tentative opinion after opening statements. This is 
because an effective opening statement establishes the facts of the case and sets forth a 
legal theory and explanation for why the attorney's client should prevail.
Using the court proceedings as a platform to further our cause
The goal for the European resistance fighter is not to win the trial but to present all 
available evidence, presented in this compendium, and his cause in the most favourable 
way in order to help generate a maximum amount of sympathisers and supporters for 
the national and/or European patriotic resistance movement. The judges will not be 
sympathetic towards you because they are, after all, representatives of the regime we 
wish to defeat. After a successful operation, allowing capture and the subsequent court 
proceedings may presents several propaganda opportunities. The trial itself may not end 
up as anything else than a formality where the goal can be to change the law, forcing the 
parliament of that country to introduce the death penalty, or harshen the penal laws in 
other ways. Indirectly forcing the parliament of your country to change the laws will be 
an indirect victory to our movement because it will provide significant media coverage of 
our cause and thus will contribute to future recruitment efforts. Devastating attacks will 
develop into an existential conflict between the regime and the resistance movement 
where the regime ultimately will lose or will be forced to use Stalinist methods. In both 
cases, they will eventually lose. 
Example - opening statement for Justiciar Knights or other European resistance 
fighters:
To the jury and/or members of the court; I am standing here today as a Justiciar Knight 
Commander of the PCCTS, Knights Templar, a pan-European organisation which is a part 
of the patriotic National Resistance Movements in all Western European countries. I 
represent the highest national military and political authority considering the fact that we 
are the only military force in this country that represents the free patriotic people, as we 
are not on the pay roll of the category A and B traitors that you refer to as your 
superiors. When I speak, I speak on behalf of millions of Europeans who does not want to 
see their culture and territorial rights taken from them, who does not want to live under 
current or future dhimmitude and who does not accept that their own leaders are selling 
them against their will to Islamic slavery.
The current multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe are not at all democratic, this 
country is not democratic. They haven’t been democratic since the 1950s. There is no 
basis for democracy when all state institutions including schools, universities deliberately 
use advanced brainwashing techniques (as will be described later) to condition the people 
from resisting their own annihilation through the implementation of cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalist doctrines. Furthermore, there is no basis for democracy when 
99% of all journalists support and propagate multiculturalism. There is no basis for 
democracy when all patriots and nationalists are ignored, ridiculed or persecuted. Factors 
such as these and many more have resulted in the Marxist tyranny we live under today. 
The political and cultural elites are deliberately selling their own people into Islamic 
slavery by allowing demographical warfare. 
Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States and the author of the US 
Declaration of Independence, stated; 
“The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and 
tyrants.”
He also wrote:
"That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right 
of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its 
foundation on such principles and organising its powers in such form, as to them shall seem 
most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. [...] It is their right, it is their duty, to 
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security."
Refreshing the tree is now long overdue as our countries are in a rapid state of 
disintegration. The intention of the National Resistance Movement is to refresh the tree of 
liberty, and obviously not to cut it down. Refreshing the tree of liberty involves a coup 
supported by a significant portion of European patriots. Many of us will have to sacrifice 
our life for the cause in order to destroy the tyrants of our time. It is impossible to 
guarantee a democratically sanctioned coup as we have to keep in mind that Europeans 
have been brainwashed now for two generations. Many will oppose us for our stance and 
call us fascist. Nevertheless, it is essential to acknowledge and understand that we are 
not.
All coups involve the temporary suspension of the constitution. Thomas Jefferson himself 
knew that. However, the goal of the coup is as I said not to chop down the tree of liberty 
but to refresh it. 
I would like to begin by saying that of all our attainments, the freedom of our people is 
the most precious and the most vulnerable. Preserving our freedom and sovereignty is 
what many of our forefathers dedicated their lives to and what so many thousands of our 
people have given their lives for. Our freedom, national identity and our culture in this 
country is the fruit of centuries even millennia’s of struggles. It is the result of a history 
that has no equal and has brought us to where we are today. I will present evidence 
proving that the freedom of our people, our culture, our traditions, our Christendom and 
our national identity is in the process of being deconstructed by cultural Marxists and 
multiculturalists in our country. 
Before I continue I would like to read a quote from John Stuart Mill, a former English 
Member of Parliament and influential British thinker:
“A person may cause evil to others not only by his actions but by his inaction, and in either 
case he is justly accountable to them for the injury.”
I will prove that these cultural Marxists infiltrated our state institutions after WW2, 
especially our schools, universities and the media. I will prove that our political system 
referred to as a democracy has over the last 6 decades developed into a cultural Marxist 
dictatorship controlled by a group of multiculturalist elites whose plans consist of the 
deconstructing our country’s traditions, national identity and even our nation state. The 
most influential of these individuals are referred to as category A and B traitors. This 
traitorous elite now controls a majority of our state intuitions, including the media and 
our courts. I will prove that they have deliberately and systematically undermined this 
country and their day to day betrayal continues to weaken the cultural defences of our 
country.
By deconstructing our cultural defences, these category A and B traitors have laid the 
foundation for cultural conquest, but it doesn’t end there. These category A and B traitors 
continue to facilitate and allow the ongoing Islamic colonisation of our country, a process 
better known as Islamic demographic warfare. This Islamic demographic warfare will 
eventually lead to the enslavement of our people under the Islamic Ummah. Due to the 
actions of these category A and B traitors we will end up as the persecuted Christian 
minority in Lebanon. Didn’t you know that Lebanon was once a Christian country with 
80% Christians in 1911? I expect that you knew that. However if you were unfamiliar 
with the successful Jihad in Lebanon I will present 10 other historical examples later on.
The following statement was written by Karl Popper, a philosopher at the London School 
of Economics:
“If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared 
to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be 
destroyed, and tolerance with them.
We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the 
intolerant.”
I will prove that the only pragmatical approach, the only hope our people have of 
preventing the future enslavement of our people and preventing the ongoing cultural and 
demographical genocide is for every European to do what is required of him. Every 
European has not only a right but a duty to contribute to the efforts of our National 
Resistance Movement through armed struggle against all category A and B traitors. The 
PCCTS and the Justiciar Knights represents the highest military authority in this country 
because we are the only military force that acts in the interest of our people. We are the 
true manifestation of the will of our people which cannot be said about our regular 
national army as they are controlled by the multiculturalist category A and B traitors we 
wish to defeat.
The individuals I have been accused of illegally executing are all category A and B 
traitors, guilty of high treason and condemned to death by the highest legal authority in 
Europe and our country. This authority is known as the military and criminal tribunal; 
PCCTS. All the individuals I have been accused of illegally executing have deliberately 
used their influence in a way which makes them indirectly or directly guilty of charges 1-
8 which will be presented later.    
The evidence I will present will prove not only that I am innocent of the crimes I have 
been accused of. It will prove that we, as the highest military authority in this country 
have the right to temporary suspend the constitution and to seize political and military 
control of our country until all category A and B traitors have been hunted down and 
executed. There are approximately xxxx category A and B traitors operating freely within 
the borders of our nation. I will get back to this point later. 
The question that many now ask themselves is the following:
Am I a Sitting Bull or a Hitler of our time? As you already know, Sitting Bull was a 
celebrated hero, a Native American Chief who fought on behalf of his people against 
General Armstrong Custer and the US force. Ask yourself, who is the Hitler of the two? 
Sitting Bull or General Custer? Was Sitting Bull a terrorist because he fought for the 
indigenous rights of his people or was he a hero? That is the question that you will decide 
during this trial.
We, the armed European Resistance Movements, are in fact fighting for our indigenous 
rights (compared to the Islamic terrorists who are fighting for world domination – a 
global Caliphate based on Sharia law). An individual fighting for his indigenous rights is 
NOT a terrorist as history clearly proves. We are no more terrorists than the indigenous 
Brits who fought against the imperialistic Roman invaders, or the Americans who fought 
against English rule. We are no more terrorists than Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse or Chief 
Gall who fought for their people against the imperialist General Armstrong Custer.
WE are the Sitting Bulls, Crazy Horses and Chief Galls of our time and the imperialistic 
Custer’s of our time are called Barroso, Blair, Brown, Merkel and Sarkozy.
We, the PCCTS, Knights Templar and the Justiciar Knights of Europe and this country 
have dedicated our lives to defend and sacrifice ourselves for the freedom of our people, 
our culture, Christendom and our nation. We know what the risks are and we willingly 
pay the price for that every day. We do not complain about it; it is our own decision. It is 
my duty, as a Justiciar Knight of the European Resistance Movement to defend my 
people, my country and my culture from gradual systematic and deliberate genocide and 
this is the reason why I am standing here today. I know that the truth I represent is 
tough and hard to comprehend and accept in our politically correct times. But the 
majority of free and patriotic Europeans will learn that what I say here today is the truth. 
We have the people on our side; we have the truth on our side. What do you have?
It is every Europeans duty to defend their people and country against the ideology of 
genocide, conquest and destruction known as Islam. 
I have nothing against individual Muslims. The problem is that Islam is a political 
ideology and the fact that the ongoing Islamisation of our country will eventually be the 
end of our freedom. Future generations will wonder how we, in 2010, at this location, in 
this room, served our most precious asset.
Will you condemn the patriotic heroes of the Resistance Movement for contributing to 
save their people and country from slavery and tyranny? Isn’t it the most basic human 
right to save your own people and culture from deliberate genocide and extermination?
The answer to that is immediately also the answer to the question whether individuals in 
this country are actually free or if they have already been reduced to slaves of the 
multiculturalist traitor elites.
Mark Twain once wrote:
“During a time of change, the patriot is a scarce man. He is hated and scorned. When his 
cause succeeds however, the timid join him. For then it costs nothing to be a patriot. “
Mark Twain
According to you, this trial is about whether I, as a member of the National Resistance 
Movement also known as the National Indigenous Rights Movement, have the right to 
defend myself, my people and my culture by executing the category A and B traitors who 
are deliberately allowing the Islamic colonisation of our country.  
But this trial is also about finding the truth. The statements I have made, the 
comparisons I have drawn – are they true? Because, if something is true, how can it be 
illegal? Therefore I ask you, not only to grant my request for presenting all available 
evidence and documentation listed in the compendium: 2083 – A European Declaration 
of Independence, but also to allow the hearing of witnesses and experts in the field 
concerning the ongoing colonisation of Europe and who can attest to the fact that the 
traitors I have executed where facilitating and deliberately contributing to this process. I 
ask that this is done in full publicity.
I am not only referring to Witness 1and Witness 2 but also on the expert witnesses from 
Country 1, Country 2, Country 3 and other countries. Preferably, all. I must have the 
ability to defend myself. I must be allowed to prove to you and to the people of this 
country that I have acted in the only rightful manner, in self defence through a pre-
emptive attack. I must be allowed to prove that I executed these traitors in order to 
prevent them from continuing to contribute in the ongoing processes of cultural and 
demographical genocide and extermination. Please do not obstruct me from doing that. 
Because without this documentation and the mentioned witnesses, I cannot defend 
myself in a proper way and in my view it will this will not be a fair trial. Thank you.
Trial hearings
Present the relevant documentation from the compendium; 2083.
Closing statement – last day of trial, after judgment (guilty):
I would like to begin by stating the obvious. I would like to begin by stating the truth, a 
truth that has been deemed illegal according to the Marxist tyrants of our time. 
Multiculturalism is an anti-European hate ideology which has been designed to 
exterminate European culture, traditions, our identity and even our nation state.  
The individuals I have been accused of illegally executing are all category A and B 
traitors. They are supporters of the anti-European hate-ideology known as 
multiculturalism, an ideology that facilitates Islamisation and Islamic demographic 
warfare. The category A and B traitors I executed were killed in self defence through a 
pre-emptive strike. They have been found guilty of high treason and condemned to death 
by the highest legal authority in Europe and our country. This authority is known as the 
military and criminal tribunal; PCCTS, Knights Templar. All the individuals I have been 
accused of illegally executing have deliberately used their influence in a way which makes 
them guilty of charges 1 through 8 which was presented earlier.   
The evidence I have present has not only proven that I am innocent of the crimes I have 
been accused of. It has been proven that we, the PCCTS, Knights Templar, and the rest of 
the National Resistance Movement are in fact the highest military authority in this 
country, and we have the right and a duty to temporarily seize political and military 
control of our country until all category A and B traitors have been hunted down and 
executed and all Muslims have been deported. There is currently approximately xxxx 
category A and B traitors operating freely within the borders of our nation and these 
individuals continue to undermine and weaken our country every single day. Trust me 
when I say, every single one of them will be hunted down and executed by my brothers 
and sisters, the National Resistance Movement, the free people of our country. 
The current multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe are not at all democratic, this 
country is not democratic. They haven’t been democratic since the 1950s. This country is 
a multiculturalist dictatorship run by tyrants. There is no basis for democracy when all 
state institutions including schools, universities deliberately use advanced brainwashing 
techniques (as has been described ) to condition and manipulate the people from 
resisting their own annihilation through the implementation of cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalist doctrines. Furthermore, there is no basis for democracy when 
99% of all journalists support and propagate multiculturalism. There is no basis for 
democracy when all patriots and nationalists are ignored, ridiculed or persecuted. Factors 
such as these and many more have resulted in the Marxist tyranny we live under today. 
The political and cultural elites are deliberately selling, us, their own people into Islamic 
slavery by allowing Islamic demographical warfare. 
Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States and the author of the 
Declaration of Independence, stated; 
“The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and 
tyrants.”
He also wrote:
"That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right 
of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its 
foundation on such principles and organising its powers in such form, as to them shall seem 
most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. [...] It is their right, it is their duty, to 
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security."
I suggest you memorise these two quotes as many patriots will stand here in the future 
as I stand here today. Refreshing the tree of liberty is now long overdue as our countries 
are in a rapid state of disintegration. The intention of the National Resistance Movement 
is to refresh the tree of liberty and we will eventually succeed even if it takes us 70 
years. Many of us will have to sacrifice our life for the cause in order to destroy the 
tyrants of our time. Many will oppose us for our stance and call us terrorists or fascist. 
Nevertheless, it is essential to acknowledge and understand that we are not.
The question that many now ask themselves is the following:
Due to your twisted logic, by judging me here today, all the history books in the world 
has to be re-written. Because you have essentially condemned the Native American 
resistance hero: Sitting Bull as a murderer and a terrorist and you have thus exonerated 
General Custer, the butcherer who annihilated the indigenous peoples of America. 
According to your logic, the UN declaration of human rights has to be changed, because 
it is no longer allowed to fight against the annihilation of one’s culture and traditions. An 
individual fighting for his indigenous rights is NOT a terrorist as history clearly proves. We 
are no more terrorists than the indigenous Brits who fought against the imperialistic 
Roman invaders, or the Americans who fought against English rule. We are no more 
terrorists than Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse or Chief Gall who fought for their people against 
the imperialist General Armstrong Custer.
WE are the Sitting Bulls, Crazy Horses and Chief Galls of our time and the imperialistic 
Custer’s of our time are called Barroso, Blair, Brown, Merkel and Sarkozy. You have 
clearly proved here today that you are nothing more than a cheap tool to these dictators. 
You are clearly collaborating with these traitors, which makes you personally guilty of 
high treason.
We, the PCCTS, Knights Templar and the Justiciar Knights of Europe and this country 
have dedicated our lives to defend and sacrifice ourselves for the freedom of our people, 
our culture, our traditions, for Christendom and our nation. We know what the risks are 
and we willingly pay the price for that every day. We do not complain about it; it is our 
own decision. It is my duty, as a Justiciar Knight of the PCCTS and the European 
Resistance Movement to defend my people, my country and my culture from gradual, 
systematic and deliberate genocide and this is the reason why I have been convicted 
today. I know that the truth I represent is tough and hard to comprehend and accept in 
our politically correct times. But the majority of free and patriotic Europeans will learn 
that what I say here today is the truth. We have the people on our side; we have the 
truth on our side. We have time on our side. What do you have?
It is every Europeans duty to defend their people and country against the ideology of 
genocide, conquest and destruction known as Islam. 
You have condemned a member of the National and pan-European Resistance Movement 
for the actions of contributing to save their people and country from current and future 
oppression, tyranny and slavery. You have therefore disallowed the people of this country 
the most basic human right; to save their own people and culture from deliberate 
genocide and extermination.
You have therefore not only condemned me but you have condemned every individual in 
this country to future dhimmitude, slavery and death. You have shown that you are not 
working for the interests of the people but that you are simple puppets and tools of the 
multiculturalist traitor elites. You are puppets and tools of the Global Islamic Ummah. 
I will be so bold and guarantee you one thing. You will lose this European civil war sooner 
than you imagine. Your regime will fall within 2083 and we, the peoples of Europe, will be 
free once more. We will be free to determine our own future, free to preserve our 
traditions and culture, free to secure prosperity and the safe and peaceful existence of 
our people. All multiculturalist category A and B traitors will be executed and Islam will 
be expelled from Europe for a third time. Islam was thrown out of for the first time in 
1492 marking the end of the reconquista in Spain. Islam was thrown out from Western 
Europe once again after the Battle of Vienna in 1683. Islam will be thrown out of Europe 
within 70 years for a third time, of that you can be certain. 
You may judge me today, but history will judge you. History will show that you 
condemned an innocent here today, a member of the National Resistance Movement. 
History will show that you condemned a protector of freedom, a protector of our country, 
a protector of our culture, a protector of our identity, a protector of Christendom and a 
protector of our people. History will show that you soaked your hands in blood here 

