# 3.71 Finding the right defence attorney/legal counsel for your trial

> 原文页码: 1111-1112

today. May my brothers and sisters, all the current and future individual members of the 
European Resistance Movements and the rest of the patriots of this country show you 
compassion and forgiveness for what you have done here today. I forgive you, because I 
truly believe that you do not know what you are doing.
3.71 Finding the right defence attorney/legal counsel for your trial
A Justiciar Knight must be prepared to actively search for a nationalistic oriented 
(patriotic) lawyer /legal counsel before his trial starts. DO NOT accept a random 
appointed public defender offered by the regime. Chances are too great that this 
individual will be either incompetent or not willing to work for you interests (which is to 
further the cause, and not provide the most optimal defence). The nationalistic orientated 
defence lawyer you are searching for should provide his services pro bono (free of charge 
as an investment in a good cause). If you managed to execute a relatively “spectacular” 
operation many so called “high profile” attorneys will contact you and offer their services 
discounted or for free. Understand that a large majority of these individuals will not be 
willing to cater for your demands but are only interested in the publicity surrounding the 
case. They are so called “legal prostitutes” who just wants their face on TV. Ignore these 
requests and continue your search for a patriotic oriented defence attorney who is willing 
to accept your three primary demands.
You will be restricted from doing effective research from jail so you may have to ask 
anyone you know on the outside to assist you in searching for this candidate. Very few 
patriotic defence attorneys will be willing to flag their political views publicly as it may 
have devastating effects on their career so finding a good candidate may prove to be a 
challenging task. On the bright side, a defence attorney flagging his views may actually 
benefit that individual as well as he will literally have a monopoly on that niche market in 
future related cases.
There are three primary tasks your defence attorney must be willing to assist you with:
Initial briefing of your defence attorney
The candidate must be explaining that this trial is not about you but about the future of 
Europe. Your participation in the trial is merely a formality and a Justiciar Knight expects 
no mercy/leniency whatsoever, as we offer no mercy/leniency to our enemies. The 
candidate must be informed that the purpose of your defence is not to ensure the lowest 
possible sentence but rather to further the cause of saving Europe from Marxism and the 
subsequent manifestations (Islamisation etc.) which is the cause of the PCCTS, Knights 
Templar).
This approach (as your defence attorney will point out) will guarantee that you will not be 
shown any leniency whatsoever. 
The three primary tasks expected from your defence attorney
1.
Willingness to facilitate you logistically
The candidate must be willing to order the components that make out the Justiciar Knight 
uniform for you and he/she must then compensate a tailor to assemble it. This task will 
take him several hours so he should be prepared to invest that time. He must understand 
that wearing our uniform during trial is an essential aspect of furthering our cause and he 
must be willing to facilitate you.
2.
Willingness to facilitate you ideologically
The candidate must be willing to contribute to assist you to further the cause of the PCCTS, 
Knights Templar which is the cause to free all Europeans from cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist tyranny. You must be allowed to defend yourself, at least allow you 
to read the opening/closing speech, unless you prefer him to read your statement for you. 
Obviously, the candidate isn’t required to support the methods of the PCCTS, Knights 
Templar (mass killings, terror etc.), but he must support the primary ideological principles 
and the legal defensive strategy presented. 
3.
Willingness to facilitate you to build a case against the regime
The candidate must be willing to contribute (facilitate you) to build the case against the 
regime (as the primary defensive strategy) based on the documentation presented in the 
compendium; 2083 – A European Declaration of Independence. Remember, this trial is 
(from our point of view), not against you but rather a trial against the regime. The climax 
of the trial will be after all arguments/documentation and accusations have been presented. 
You will then make a demand the unconditional surrender of the regime to the armed 
forces of the National Resistance Movement. After all, you are not only a Justiciar Knight 
for the PCCTS, Knights Templar but one of several commanders of the National Resistance 
Movement by default. 
Finding a candidate that will be willing to assist you with the primary tasks will be 
difficult. However, it is essential that you try as hard as you possibly can to acquire the 
appropriate legal counsel. It will be absolutely necessary in order to provide you with a 
sufficient defence.  

