# 3.72 The PCCTS, Knights Templar Oath – Ordination Rite

> 原文页码: 1113-1117

Various topics 
3.72 The PCCTS, Knights Templar Oath – Ordination Rite
Due to the nature and hierarchical and logistical limitations of our clandestine and 
extremely distributed organisational structure it is the responsibility of the individual 
(during phase 1 – 2010-2030) to ensure that he performs the initiation ritual. The rite is 
somewhat similar to the ancient and original ritual of the Knights Templar. This ritual has 
been partly adopted and kept alive by the Freemasons and similar “chivalric orders” the 
last centuries. The following ritual is a requirement and must be performed by all aspiring 
Justiciar Knights of the PCCTS, Knights Templar in phase 1. You are likely to be alone 
when performing the rite so you will not undergo the full magnitude of the experience. 
The candidate is normally surrounded by Justiciar Knights under a normal initiation 
ceremony.  
Symbolicism of the ritual
The purpose of the rite is to create and formalise your 
commitment to the cause of the PCCTS, Knights Templar. You are 
also literally making a blood pact with the other side; with your 
ancestors, with past martyrs and with God. You are offering them 
a central part of your very being in exchange for the gift of 
immortality and a place in the eternal kingdom. You pledge 
allegiance to the principles of the PCCTS, Knights Templar, to 
fellow Justiciar Knights, to your people, the wishes of your 
ancestors and to God. Your oath will commit you to act selflessly 
as you offer them devoted service to the death.
As a holy Knight fighting for your people and the preservation of 
Christendom, the Templar’s, as the Justiciar Knight candidate, are 
willing to put aside the usual temptations of ordinary secular life 
for an arduous and dedicated life of service and sacrifice. As soon 
as you have completed the rite your life will consist of reaching a pious state, embracing 
voluntary poverty, devoted service and unwavering dedication and loyalty to the 
principles of the Knights Templar. Your burdens will be lifted as you cast of the chains 
that influence you negatively in your day to day life and prevents you from doing the 
right thing for yourself, your family, your countrymen and your country.
The rite is in many ways a death ritual where you will break the chains that burden you 
and you will rise as an immortal as you become fully prepared for the afterlife. 
The intention of the rite is to formalise or create an unbreakable commitment where the 
candidate commits to:
•
Purge his traditional career/secular ambitions – you are embracing your destiny as a martyr 
for the cause of the PCCTS, Knights Templar
•
Purge or distance yourself from worldly influences (including friends, family)
•
Seek a pious lifestyle and voluntary poverty as all your worldly resources will go to the 
operation/cause from now on
You will rise up as a Justiciar Knight and gain:
•
Partial immortality (an individual who has embraced martyrdom and death cannot be killed, 
all martyrs in protection of Christendom are granted a place in heaven)
•
Ideological confidence
•
Military/operational confidence
•
Fearlessness 
•
Unwavering dedication
Preparation - items required to perform the initiation rite:
Specific items required:
•
A candle 
•
A skull (replica, or an item resembling a skull)
•
A sword
•
Dimly lit surroundings (the temple), a room or the wilds
Surroundings: as you obviously do not have access to the Temple of Solomon (as it 
currently lies in ruin bellow the Al Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem), you will need to use the 
second best option, a solid rock (shaped somewhat as a cubic altar) resembling an actual 
stone altar. Prior to the rite, you, as a Justiciar Knight candidate, are described as a “poor 
candidate”, in a burdened state of darkness, which is figurative of being in a state of the 
darkest ignorance surrounded by negative influences (chains/burdens) preventing you 
from being a Knight and doing the right thing. The properties of stability and strength of 
the stone altar is being communicated to the oath contributing to making it inviolable. 
Furthermore, you are to print out the text (the oath) and sign it with your own blood, 
and subsequently burn it on the “altar”.
Lighting: the ritual should be performed in a dimly lit environment (a room or in the 
wilds during dusk or dawn) and you will use one candle light. The candle is placed on the 
altar. The candle symbolises and represents the light of God or, specifically, the light of 
Christ and is, as we all know, common in Christian rituals. This liturgical candle must be 
made of at least 51% beeswax, the remainder may be paraffin or some other substance 
(a paschal candle may be used).
A skull: a skull or an object resembling a human skull. The skull is placed in the centre 
of the altar next to the candle. The skull figuratively represents the afterlife/death, and 
the fallen heroes of our cause, our dead or martyred ancestors or brethren who died for 
their people and for Christendom in the past (former Knights Templar’s and 
nationalist/patriotic fighters of past struggles). You face the skull while reading the oath.
Attire: the candidate will wear his best clothing while performing the initiation rite 
(normally the modern European suit). A traditional European dinner suit is the most 
optimal attire but not required. The use of similar attires symbolises that there is no 
distinction between Justiciar Knights. 
The Justiciar Knight attire illustrates the dignity and nobleness of the Justiciar Knight 
office as judge, jury and executioner. The purpose of the Justiciar Knight is to heed the 
call of his people in an unselfish manner. He is the protector of his people, culture, 
country, of European Christendom and civilisation. 
White gloves: the gloves stand for dignity and purity (note that the good person is 
described in Psalm 24 as having “clean hands and a pure heart”).
A sword: the sword symbolises aggression, protection, courage, strength, action, unity, 
justice, leadership and decision – all important characteristics of the nature of a Justiciar 
Knight. If you are performing the rite alone, you must provide a sword, preferably a good 
replica of a battle ready European sword from an epoch of your national history (f 
example a broad Viking sword for Scandinavians, a Roman sword for Southern Europeans 
etc (this sword may be utilized later as it will be an aspect of the tombstone – see 
chapter about Overseer).
Under normal circumstances (phase 2), there will be several Justiciar Knights present 
encircling the candidate in a crescent on one side of the altar. They will all raise their 
swords against the candidate while he reads the final part of the oath. As this may not be 
possible during phase 1, the candidate must make the best out of the situation. The shaft 
of the sword is placed on the altar while you place it in such a way that the tip of the 
sword faces your heart. 
Here we experience the metaphorical sword cleanly piercing the spiritual soul of man. 
This symbolic action sacrifices physical bondage to release a path to the ethereal 
(enlightened) freedom of our struggle. Should the candidate ever knowingly and 
deliberately violate his oath he will have his body severed in two, his bowels taken from 
thence and burned to ashes, the ashes scattered before the four winds of heaven by 
fellow Justiciar Knights. 
The candidate kneels during the ritual.
The PCCTS, Knights Templar Oath – Initiation Rite
[The candidate kneels in front of the altar, while reading the oath out loudly]
I, ________, of my own free will and accord, in the presence of Almighty God, the spirits 
of my ancestors and past martyrs, do hereby and hereon most solemnly and sincerely 
promise and swear, from now and forever, that I will hail, respect and obey the principles 
of the PCCTS, Knights Templar. I furthermore promise and swear that I will stand to and 
abide by all laws, rules and regulations of the Military Order and Criminal Tribunal - 
PCCTS, Knights Templar. Further, that I will always aid and assist fellow Justiciar Knights, 
their widows and orphans, knowing them to be such, as far as their necessities may 
require, and my ability permit, without material injury to myself and family. Further, that 
I will keep a brother Justiciar Knight secrets inviolable, when communicated to and 
received by me as such. 
I declare to take freely and solemnly this oath of obedience, this pledge of voluntary 
poverty and commitment.
With this oath I state my strong and irrevocable intent:
To pledge my sword, my forces, my life and everything that I own to the cause, defence, 
honour of my country and of Europe, my people, the Christian religion, of the PCCTS, 
Knights Templar and of my companions in arms; to the rescue of my country and of 
Europe as a whole from the tyranny of Marxist and Islamic oppression.
To love my brothers the Knights and my Sisters the Ladies  and help them, their children 
and their widows with my sword, my advice, means and wealth, my credit and 
everything in my power, and will favour them, with no exception, over those who are not 
members of the order.
To fight the infidels and the non-believers with my example, virtue, charity and 
convincing arguments; and to fight with the sword the infidels and non-believers who 
attack the Cross with their own sword.
I will not aid, nor be present at, the initiation, passing, or raising of a madman, traitor or 
fool, knowing him to be such. 
I will not converse with outsiders on the subjects related to my operation or any issue 
that may contribute to incriminate myself or fellow Justiciar Knights. 
I will not cheat, wrong, nor defraud a fellow Justiciar Knight, knowingly, nor supplant him 
in any of his laudable undertakings, but will give him due and timely notice, that he may 
ward of all danger. 
I will not knowingly strike a brother Justiciar Knight, or otherwise do him harm or 
personal violence in anger, except in the necessary defence of my family. 
I acknowledge that I have the intellectual capacity required to develop a sufficient 
strategy and the initiative, courage and discipline to see it through.  
I acknowledge that I have the mental strength to maintain good spirits, motivation and 
moral at the necessary level until my mission has been completed.
I acknowledge that I am a person who carries within me the virtue of patience and I will 
therefore not act prematurely but plan accordingly.  
I acknowledge that I have or will be able to acquire the required finances which will allow 
me to fund my military operation. 
I swear to follow the appropriate training programs and to acquire the appropriate 
knowledge, weaponry, armour, equipment and transportation required to execute my 
mission.
I acknowledge that I have understood the basic principles of war; that sometimes cruelty 
must be applied to prevent an even greater evil. I accept the fact that sometimes, 
innocent individuals have to perish in order to serve the greater good.
I acknowledge that I possess the qualities of initiative, patience, creativity, devotion to 
the cause and the ability to command any situation that might arise. 
I acknowledge that I understand that my duty is to act, to find and develop adequate 
solutions for each problem I might face. Because I understand that without initiative, 
there is no resistance. 
I acknowledge that in the light of the authority of my office as a jury, judge and 
executioner - as a Justiciar Knight for the PCCTS, Knights Templar, I am representing the 
highest military and political authority in Western European countries during all phases of 
the civil war. I will act as a representative for all free indigenous Europeans and I will 
always act in the best interest of the people, with a long term perspective. I must 
contribute to explain to the people that sometimes, short term pain will be necessary to 
ensure the long term survival and prosperity of our people. I will not misuse the authority 
of my office but always serve the people who count on our resolve, pragmatic mindset, 
unwavering determination and timely action. Although we, as a Justiciar Knights, have 
the power to influence millions, we will never be blinded by hate or greed but must 
instead adhere to the principles of the PCCTS, Knights Templar. 
I acknowledge and agree to follow and embrace the road of ultimate sacrifice and 
martyrdom should the situation require it. Under such circumstances I will not fear death 
but I will embrace it. I agree to this in order to secure the sovereignty of my country, the 
freedom of my people, my family and my friends, for their children and grandchildren’s 
sake, for the preservation of my culture, for Christendom and for the preservation of 
everything I hold dear.  
I will strive to be truly a fearless knight and secure on every side, for my soul is 
protected by the armour of faith, the truth, ideological confidence and a just cause, just 
as my body is protected by the armour of steel. I am thus doubly armed and need fear 
neither demons nor men. 
Whether I live or whether I die, I have the truth on my side, our struggle is survival and 
to fight for our freedom from slavery. What a glory to return in victory from such a 
battle! How blessed to die there as a martyr! How secure is life when the conscience is 
unsullied! How secure, I say, is life when death is anticipated without fear; or rather 
when it is desired with feeling and embraced with reverence! 
When the battle is at hand, I will arm myself interiorly with faith, truth and confidence, 
and exteriorly with steel rather than decorate myself with gold.
I will seek out horses which are strong and swift, rather than those which are brilliant 
and well-plumed; I will set my mind on fighting to win rather than on parading for show. 
I think not of glory and seek to be formidable rather than decadent.
No matter how outnumbered I am, I will never surrender, for victory in war is not 
dependent on a big army, but on the bravery, cleverness and the determination of the 
Knight.
In a wondrous and unique manner I will appear gentler than a lamb, yet I will prove to 
be fiercer than a lion. 
[The Justiciar Knights raises their swords against the candidate. if alone; the candidate places the 
sword in such a way that the tip of the sword faces his heart]

