# 3.73 Future compensation arrangements for European members of the resistance movement

> 原文页码: 1118-1119

All this I most solemnly, sincerely promise and swear, with a firm and steady resolution 
to perform the same, without any hesitation, myself, under no less penalty than that of 
having my body severed in two, my bowels taken from thence and burned to ashes, the 
ashes scattered before the four winds of heaven, that no more remembrance might be 
had of so vile and wicked a wretch as I would be, should I ever, knowingly, violate my 
obligations. So help me God, and keep me steadfast in the due performance of the same.
This oath I pronounce loudly, and is witnessed by the Knights present, the spirits of my 
ancestors, past martyrs and the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. I sign this pledge 
and confirm it by my blood. 
[If the candidate is alone with no other Justiciar Knights present; he makes a small cut in his finger, 
and from the drops of blood (a few drops is sufficient), signs the document, and then burns it using 
the flame from the candle.]
[The candidate may rise; for he is now a Justiciar Knight.]
3.73 Future compensation arrangements for European members of the 
resistance movement
We live in a time of excessive consumerism where the acquisition of wealth and prestige 
is the driving force in our lives. So in a world where cash is king, how can we expect 
anyone to champion the correct ideals and truth?
I’ve discussed this so many times with my sister and so many others. My sister Elisabeth 
lives in Los Angeles btw. and has chosen a life where… you guessed it: the acquisition of 
wealth is the driving force in her life. Well, this is not entirely true. She only wants 
financial security to live a life without worry and to be able to do what she wants when 
she wants. She and her husband has done well and makes aprox 150 000 USD annually. 
That doesn’t really sound too bad. I used to be just like that so I know where she and 
millions of other Europeans are coming from. In fact, we are indoctrinated from early age 
to think this way. The only problem when everyone chooses this path is that we don’t 
have any idealists left who actually cares about the greater good and the protection of 
our liberties.
If everyone chooses to be egotistical opportunists then who will be left who maintains 
integrity and will selflessly oversee and protect the rights of the people? 
The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more 
important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of 
being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.
If there are absolutely no incentives to do the right thing how can we expect enough 
individuals to sacrifice themselves for the greater good? I know a lot of people think this 
way. I’ve had this discussion with some of my best friends. They say: 
“Why the hell do you care so much when the people you are trying to serve doesn’t care at 
all about you. They even detest you for trying to tell them the truth and think you are a 
moron. Why not conform like us and enjoy all the benefits while we still can. Why not enjoy 
life now? Who gives a shit what happens in 100 years?”
This is the core problem on the political right and explains somewhat why the Marxists 
are superior when it comes to organisation and implementation. The political right simply 
lacks a fundamental idealistic mindset to a much larger degree than the political left. 
In light of this new reality we have no choice but to adapt and create incentives to the 
individuals willing to act selflessly.
Compensation program to all voluntary political members/activists of the 
European resistance movements – phase of dialogue and phase 1 (1950-2030)
Does not apply if individuals are/have been already compensated financially by a second 
or third party.
Redistribution policies in phase 2 or 3
Category A, B and C traitors (politically active cultural Marxists, multiculturalists, 
capitalist globalists and suicidal humanists) will have their property and funds 
expropriated by the new cultural conservative regime. The property and funds will be 
redistributed to individuals based on previous efforts, sacrifices and results:
Priority list
-
Voluntary armed resistance fighters and martyrs (8th front) active in phase 1 (the family of 
martyrs). Many of these individuals have voluntarily gone through much hardship included 
state and MSM persecution, ridicule, torture, imprisonment, psychological trauma etc. Many 
have been killed and many more driven to suicide the last 40 years. In cases where 
individuals are dead compensation must be forwarded to the closest family given that they 
have supported the cause ideologically. 
-
Voluntary members of front 1-7: Voluntary journalists, essay/article writers, teachers, 
coaches, lecturers, professors, politicians, community voices such as NGO 
leaders/members, artists, intellectuals and other community debaters. Also bloggers and 
various online activists, church leaders and street activists. Voluntary investors who funded 
various related projects will have their investment refunded with interest.
Already compensated individuals will be compensated appropriately based on results and 
general efforts made. 
All members of the 8 different fronts in Europe should and must work actively to free 
political cultural conservative prisoners (from all fronts, front 8 included) in all phases of 
the civil war (1, 2 and 3). This includes Serbian war heroes in international prisons 
(condemned in the International Criminal Court in the Hague). 
Also, keep in mind that there will be thousands of housing units available after the 
deportation of the Muslims begins in phase 3.
The long term goal of the redistributive policies should include creating incentives for 
procreation (degree depending on how many Europeans succumbed during the civil war).
Since I am one of the first to present this compensation programme it can be argued that 
I am incompetent on the mature. As such, I hereby refuse to accept any future 
compensation (on behalf of myself or my family) in order to strengthen the argument. 
Protecting the justification of a future compensation programme for voluntary service is 
logical and necessary and will result in more recruits from otherwise opportunistic and 
unwilling right wing candidates. Creating incentives is always a good idea.    
National incentive programmes in an international context

