# 3.74 Right of Revolution

> 原文页码: 1120-1120

When we, the cultural conservatives, again control Western Europe within 50-90 years 
the plan to liberate Serbia and Croatia (Bosnia Herzegovina, Kosovo, Albania, the Muslim 
controlled Assyrian Nation, Muslim controlled Lebanon, the Egypt controlled Coptic 
Nation, Syrian controlled Israel and Turkish occupied Greece and Armenia will commence. 
This will obviously be a beneficial venture for Hungary, Serbia, Croatia, Greece and 
Armenia. Furthermore the Christian Azzyrians, the Christian Lebanese, the Christian 
Copts and the Romani People will finally get their much deserved homeland. 
But why should Western Europe send tens of thousands of soldiers when we don’t get 
anything in return?
We will initiate this Crusade to protect eastern Christendom and to honour our friends 
and brothers, not because we profit from it but because we know that they would do it 
for us. Think of it as a European solidarity project. It will be a celebration of solidarity 
among European Christian brothers. We will collectively grow stronger as we head out to 
undue something that should have been done in 1453 during the siege of Constantinople. 
3.74 Right of Revolution
“A militia, when properly formed, are in fact the people themselves... And include all men 
capable of bearing arms.”
- RICHARD HENRY LEE - (1788)
In political philosophy the right to revolution (or 'right of rebellion' or 'right to resistance') 
is first articulated by the Monarchomachs in the context of the French Wars of Religion, 
and is essentially the natural right of preservation. It was later taken up by John Locke in 
Two Treatises of Government as part of his social contract theory. Locke wrote that the 
people could instigate a revolution against the government when it acted against the 
interests of citizens and replace it with another. The right to revolution was cited in the 
US Declaration of Independence:
We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are 
endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, 
Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. 
That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just 
Powers from the consent of the governed. That whenever any Form of Government 
becomes destructive of these Ends, it is in the Right of the People to alter or abolish it, and 
to institute a new Government, laying its Foundation on such Principles, and organising its 
Powers in such Form, as to them shall seem most likely to affect their Safety and 
Happiness. Prudence indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be 
changed for light and transient Causes; and accordingly all Experience hath shewn, that 
Mankind are more disposed to suffer, while Evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by 
abolishing the Forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long Train of Abuses and 
Usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object, evinces a Design to reduce them under 
absolute Despotism, it is their Right, it is their Duty, to throw off such Government, and to 
provide new Guards for their future Security.
The right to revolution helps explain the purpose of the Second Amendment of the United 
States Constitution, which guarantees the right of "the people" to bear arms as part of a 
well regulated militia. It follows that if the people have a right to overthrow a despotic 
government then they have a right to possess the practical means to do so. The great 

