# 3.75 Non-violent resistance - civil disobedience/economical sabotage

> 原文页码: 1121-1121

advantage of a well armed and regulated militia is the deterrent effect, which greatly 
reduces the likelihood that the people will ever need to exercise their right to revolution, 
thus preserving liberty without bloodshed. 
Duty of Disloyalty
Like Locke and Thoreau, Gandhi believed that the quest for freedom incurs an obligation 
to oppose an oppressive government, which he called the "duty of disloyalty", when the 
state fails to represent the people's interests and needs: "Disobedience of the law of an 
evil state is therefore a duty". Gandhi moved beyond Thoreau by contending that the 
freedom struggle demands active participation in community action to stop said evil, 
primarily through non-violent action as he believed citizens had a duty to preserve order 
and peace to prevent bloodshed.
A revolt every 50-100 years keeps the government from stagnating and societies from 
deteriorating. Why the US Founding Fathers gave the Americans the Second Amendment.
"The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last 
resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government." 
Thomas Jefferson
The Founding Fathers gave Americans the Second Amendment not to protect them from 
criminals, but by allowing them to rebel against their government should it be necessary. 
People are almost always susceptible to corruption or egotism. So in any state, cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist or not, leaders can deviate from the defined path, and manipulate 
laws and the state in order to fit their personal agenda. That is why the people must take 
it upon themselves to topple oppressive regimes through force and reinstate a functional 
government. 
George Washington himself supported the stance that armed revolts every so often were 
necessary to keep the government from stagnating, being corrupted or deteriorating.
3.75 Non-violent resistance - civil disobedience/economical sabotage
Every patriotic European has a duty to contribute to the fall of the current cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regime through any and all means necessary. Unfortunately, the 
great majority of European patriots will, however, not be willing to consider armed 
resistance at this point (phase 1). Nevertheless, there are still ways that ordinary people 
can contribute to weaken the regime.
-
Avoid paying more tax than you have to, if you see a loophole – use it. If you have the 
possibility to prevent taxation through illegal means – do it (as long as you know you will 
get away with it of course). If you have the opportunity to burden the system, even if your 
situation does not require it, do it.

