# 3.76 National Intelligence Agencies

> 原文页码: 1122-1124

These approaches are known as economical resistance methods. They represent methods 
ordinary patriots can use to contribute to burden and thereby weaken the system 
whenever an opportunity arises. 
Do whatever you can to avoid unnecessary taxation, even it means breaking the law. 
Because if you are contributing to sustain the system you are basically funding and 
facilitating the multiculturalist elites agenda allowing them to continue to sell their people 
into Islamic slavery. 
The system itself, as long as it is controlled by the multiculturalist criminal network - he 
regime, is the enemy and the very least everyone should do is to make it as hard for 
them to collect taxes for their “war chest” as humanly possible.
3.76 National Intelligence Agencies
United Kingdom - The Secret Intelligence Service (SIS/MI5/MI6) 
France - DCRI: Central Directorate of Interior Intelligence (Direction centrale du renseignement intérieur)
Germany - Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV) Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz
Netherlands - Algemene Inlichtingen- en Veiligheidsdienst (AIVD) (General Intelligence and Security Service)
Belgium - Staatsveiligheid / Sûreté de l'État (SV/SE) (State Security Service)
Luxembourg - Service de Renseignement de l'Etat (State Intelligence Service)
Sweden - Säkerhetspolisen (SÄPO) (Security Service)
Denmark - Politiets Efterretningstjeneste (PET) (Danish Security and Intelligence Service)
Norway - Politiets sikkerhetstjeneste (PST) (Police Security Service)
Finland - Suojelupoliisi (Supo) (Security Police, literally "Protection Police")
Spain - Centro Nacional de Inteligencia (CNI) (National Intelligence Centre)
Portugal - Serviço de Informações de Segurança (SIS) (Security Intelligence Service)
Italy - Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Interna (AISI): "Agency for Internal Information and Security" 
(domestic intelligence agency).
Greece - Ethniki Ypiresia Pliroforion (NIS) (Hellenic National Intelligence Service)
Switzerland - Dienst für Analyse und Prävention (DAP) (Analysis and Prevention Service)
Austria - Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz und Terrorismusbekämpfung (BVT) (Federal Office for the 
Protection of the Constitution and Counter-Terrorism)
Iceland - Greiningardeild Ríkislögreglustjóra (GRLS) (National Security Agency)
Ireland - Special Detective Unit of the Garda Síochána 
Other relevant Intelligence Agencies
US - Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)
Russia 
- Federalnaya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti (FSB) (Federal Security Service)
- Glavnoye Razvedyvatelnoye Upravlenie (GRU) Genshtaba (Main Intelligence Directorate of General Staff - 
external military intelligence service, subordinate to the Army)
- Sluzhba Vneshney Razvedki (SVR) (Foreign Intelligence Service)
Serbia - Bezbednosno Informativna Agencija (BIA) Security Information Agency (under Government and 
Parliamentary control)
Israel - ha-Mossad le-Modiin u-le-Tafkidim Myukhadim (Mossad) (Institute for Intelligence and Special 
Operations)
Armenia - National Security Service (NSS)
National Intelligence Activity
The National Intelligence Agency (NIA) in your country are annually surveilling as many 
as 1000 per million individuals who are flagged (on so called watch lists). These 
individuals are usually well known right wing (NS and/or other nationalists) or left wing 
(Communist/Anarchist/Islamist) individuals, which are considered a threat against the 
government and/or constitution. 
Collection is the gathering of information using methods such as:
Open source intelligence – the assembling of openly available information, such as 
that provided in the media and academic journals.
Human intelligence – information collected from agents, defectors, informants, 
diplomats; or from reports from counterintelligence operations, interrogations, 
discussions with foreign personnel, etc.; and
Technical intelligence – data and information collected through:
-
Intercepts 
-
Monitoring and localising of radio, microwave, radar and other means of electromagnetic 
emission
-
Communications intelligence
-
Electronic intelligence
-
Telemetry intelligence
-
Foreign instrumentation signals intelligence
-
Cryptology intelligence
-
Measurement and signatures intelligence
-
Imagery intelligence
-
Photographic intelligence 
-
Computer network exploitation
International and national terrorist databases - The TIDE register[1]
Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment (TIDE) is the US governments central 
repository of information on international terrorist identities. TIDE supports the US 
governments various terrorist screening systems or “watchlists”. The Terrorist Identities 
Group (TIG), located in NCTCs Information Sharing & Knowledge Development 
Directorate (ISKD), is responsible for building and maintaining TIDE.
The TIDE database includes the identities of individuals known or suspected to be or have 
been involved in activities constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to 
politically motivated violence, with the exception of Purely Domestic Terrorism 
information.
The database contains 564 000 names, (500 000) separate identities due to 
aliases/name variants. US persons including both citizens and legal permanent residents 
make up less than five percent (25 000) of the listings.
In 2008 more than 27 000 names were removed from TIDE when it was determined tha 
they no longer met the criteria for inclusion.
Source:
1. http://www.nctc.gov/docs/Tide_Fact_Sheet.pdf
Interrogation techniques 
Different types of human subjects will share information voluntarily or involuntarily. The 
interrogator builds a relationship with the subject, a relationship that can be based on 
trust, fear, friendship, or any of a range of human emotions. Prisoners have an 
understandable fear of what may happen, and, contrary to "tough guy" images, it can be 
important to relax him and, to the extent possible, put him at ease.
Physical pressure will often yield a confession, true or false, but what an intelligence 
interrogation seeks is a continuing flow of information.
Assuming the subject (prisoner) has been under guard, the screener often can get 
valuable information about the subject's behaviour from the guards. They can tell the 
screener how the source has responded to orders, what requests have been made by the 
source, what behaviour has been demonstrated by the source, and so forth. Along with 
the basic contact information, such observations can be extremely helpful to the 
interrogator, who can study the information before the interview. Having background on 
the subject helps the interrogator retain the initiative in an interview.
Again for prisoners, screeners should examine the documents captured with the source 
and any documents pertaining to the source.  If the subject is voluntary and providing 
documents, they may even be more valuable. Screeners may need to get help from 
linguists or document specialists in understanding the material. If the documents have 
insignia or other graphics, these should be compared with an existing graphics register, 
and added to it if they are new.
Documents captured with the source (identification card, letters, map sections, and so 
forth) can provide information that identifies the source, his organisation, his mission, 
and other personal background (family, knowledge, experience, and so forth). This 
information can be used to verify information from documents captured with the source 
and further assess his willingness to cooperate. When examining documents, screeners 
should look for items that will indicate whether the source is cooperative or willing to 
cooperate based on any specific personal interest.
If the source has information pertaining to new foreign material, contact appropriate 
TECHINT specialists, and if the source has information of target exploitation interest, 
contact the appropriate staff members who deal with targeting. These specialists are not 
necessarily qualified interrogators and may need to meet jointly with the subject and 
interrogator, or pass questions to the interrogator.
Selecting potential sources (interrogation and counter intelligence)
It involves evaluating an individual, or group of individuals, "to determine their potential 
to answer [intelligence] collection requirements or to identify individuals who match a 
predetermined source profile. The goal of the process is to identify individuals who may 
have information of interest, and are willing or can be persuaded to cooperate. Willing 
individuals will undergo debriefing and unwilling people may be interrogated.

