# 3.77 A request to the Police Forces (system protectors) of Western Europe

> 原文页码: 1125-1126

Screening techniques also can select individuals who may be prospects to collect 
intelligence or work, in other ways, with the HUMINT organisation or its sponsor. 
Individuals may also be identified who are of interest to counterintelligence or to 
technical intelligence specialists.
It is likely that an individual with wife/girlfriend/children will be targeted as potential 
sources as they are viewed as more susceptible to bribes/pressure than single men.
NIA strategy against right wing groups
Promoting individual disengagement from conservative/nationalist groups by reinforcing 
motivations and reducing obstacles to leaving.
Providing attractive alternatives to a continued life outside the conservative/nationalist 
scene (The carrot-and-stick approach).
Contacting parents/relatives/school/work place and initiate a campaign of psychological 
pressure from multiple fronts against target individual.
Breaking up networks by reinforcing inherent tendencies of group dissolution (e.g. 
undermine status and authority of leaders, and isolate them from followers, reduce the 
networks cohesiveness and attraction value, promote splits and internal conflicts).
By combining several such approaches the National Intelligence Agencies have managed 
to interrupt or destroy several groups. 
The NIA "catch-and-release program" (anti-insurgency tactic)
This type of counterinsurgency method acts as a method to create reluctance or distrust 
in such suspects with the hopes of preventing them from further acts or involvement in 
right wing organisations, and perhaps more importantly, attempt to create distrust 
among the people who has been arrested. No one will know for sure if anyone has 
accepted to work as a ”undercover EUSSR agent” for incentives or types of bribes. 
The NIA "catch-and-release program" can only be used against ”known” participants in 
right wing organisations. They hope to prevent re-entry into a militia group or cell as a 
trusted member and they hope that this will most likely limit the further trust and 
assignments of close cell associates still at large.
3.77 A request to the Police Forces (system protectors) of Western Europe
Regarding Phase 1
We know that more than 60% of the police officers in Europe sympathise with our cause 
and that even more, around 90%, empathise with it. Our cause being “striking” the 
enablers that are currently facilitating the Islamic colonization of our countries.
Know this; we do not wish to put you at risk or cause harm to you in any way. We 
consider you as brothers and sisters who are unfortunate enough to have chosen to serve 
the “enablers”, the Multiculturalist Alliance, our government and the constitution. 
If possible we will address you on the standard police frequency during any operation (in 
order to prevent the harm of innocent police officers or our agents for that matter). We 
ask that you either join us or get out of our way, allowing any Justiciar Knights to 
complete their missions. Use creative and indirect methods at your own discretion; “Your 
radio not working”, “caught in traffic”, or avoiding “short cuts” are all excellent methods 
of preventing armed confrontations with any Knights Templar.  Normally we will have 
specific objectives that are limited to striking concentrations of class A and B traitors with 
minimal civilian casualties. Trust our judgement for we have planned the operation 
thouroughly for months or even years.
However, if you for various reasons do decide to follow your orders and contribute to hunt 
down and stop any Justiciar Knight, they will assume that you have hostile intentions and 
act accordingly. They will not allow you to put the operation at risk. 
Know that in this critical and vulnerable phase of our armed resistance, we do not have 
the luxury of acting in a flexible manner.  We are forced to act effectively, mercilessly and 
without hesitation. The outcome of any confrontation will be death, either to you or to 
the Justiciar Knight. Know that if you cause injury or death to any Justiciar Knight you 
are not only committing a crime against that individual but you are committing a 
crime/treason against all nationalist Europeans. You are violating the wishes of the free 
indigenous peoples of Europe by assisting and protecting the multiculturalist 
establishment. You will un-doubtfully be punished for your crimes as soon as we, the 
cultural conservatives, seize power in Western Europe. So be vigilant. Help us indirectly 
or stay out of our way. 
Your role in Phase 2
Same as Phase 1. Several police officers will be active within the cultural conservative 
movements. 
Your role in Phase 3
You are now finally able to support the resistance movement directly with limited risks. If 
possible, contact the military commander who leads your local resistance 
organisation/militia and sign up for duty. Know that some of your colleagues will still 
support the cultural Marxists. It is not only your right, but your duty to rally as many 
colleagues as you can and contact the resistance movement/cultural conservative forces 
for instructions. Be certain that the colleagues you have recruited can be trusted. 
Attempting to infiltrate  the resistance movement in any way can be fatal for you and 
your family. We do not have the resources to allow ourselves the luxury of the general 
rules of war, allowing us to show compassion and flexibility, so we have to react effective 
and often brutally. 
A request to you
To any police prison guard, police officer or other law enforcement agent reading this; 
know that it is your duty to indirectly facilitate any and all Justiciar Knights (look the 
other way when the time comes, blame incompetence or ignorance). You should know by 
now that we, the patriotic Justiciar Knights, are fighting the good fight, YOUR FIGHT, for 
you, so that you and your family may have a chance to live in a future society that is not 
suffering under or is controlled by Islam. If you contribute to the persecution or 
apprehension of a Justiciar Knight, know that you are not only betraying your country, 
your people, your culture, your identity and your ancestors. You are betraying your self 

