# 3.78 “Young Europeans Movement - YE” movement - rumours of an emerging mass consolidation of anti-Marxist/anti-multiculturalist forces

> 原文页码: 1127-1127

and your children as well! So when the time comes, look the other way. That is all we 
ask.
3.78 “Young Europeans Movement - YE” movement - rumours of an emerging 
mass consolidation of anti-Marxist/anti-multiculturalist forces 
I don’t know much about the status of this rumoured consolidation project. One of my 
mentors from PCCTS told me something about this a few years ago. The intention is to 
temporarily (through phase 1-3) but indirectly consolidate all anti-Marxist military 
forces/organisations/cells: 1. Militant cultural conservatives, 2. militant “right wing” 
liberalists, militant Christian extremists, militant ethno-centrists and other groups.
We all agree that multiculturalism is an anti-European/Christian hate ideology designed 
to exterminate European identities, our cultures/traditions and European nation states. 
This hate ideology (coupled with suicidal humanist tendencies) is the cause of the current 
Islamisation (with the exception of certain factions who believe it is due to ZOG…)
The problem, I would imagine, is how each faction relates to totalitarian ideas, 
ethnocentrism and especially our relation to Jews. Some of the factions are pro-
democracy, -Christendom, -capitalism, -multiethnicity and pro-Israel/Jews while other 
groups are strongly against. 
Who will dominate a future “Young Europeans” movement?
The common consensus seems to be that we should focus less on our indifferences 
temporarily in order to fully focus on securing the survival/safety of our 
people/cultures/traditions/countries/Christendom.
In any case; it is only logical that we save the infighting until after phase 3. We can 
never allow the cultural Marxists to play divide and conquer with the various factions. It 
will undoubtfully be certain infighting after the Marxists/suicidal humanists/capitalist 
globalists have been defeated though.
The NS are generally pro Muslim and anti Jewish. They should know that we will defend 
our right wing Jewish and other non-Muslim minority groups, who have fought by our 
side with our lives as they will do the same for us. It is still too early to tell how the 
situation will develop. A relationship is always reciprocal so we, the pro-multiethnicity 
and pro-Israel/Jewish factions, do in fact expect future support from all non-Muslim right 
wing minority groups and indirect support from the Israeli right wing. We will rely on 

