# 3.79 Various info

> 原文页码: 1128-1129

their support in order to be able to dominate the European right wing for the future - 
because if we fail, they will lose their only interest groups and allies.
At the moment, I’m worried that ethnocentric ideologies will become more dominant in 
Western Europe the coming decades. The main reason is that the non-ethnocentric 
factions on the right wing are not getting enough support from their own base and from 
right wing minority groups (as these minority groups fail to distinguish non-racist right 
wingers from actual Nazis/racists due to the media propaganda campaigns and their own 
paranoia. If the cultural Marxist/ suicidal humanist elites had any decency whatsoever 
they would at least stop the “all nationalists=Nazis, racists campaigns” and perhaps even 
arrange a gradual controlled re-distribution of power to moderate right wing 
groups/political parties. Their total and complete reluctance to deal with any 
traditionalist/nationalist is radicalising an increasing number of people. Due to their 
propaganda campaigns the obvious result is that people become apathetic and/or are 
drawn to actual Nazi and racist groups. 
3.79 Various info
Future “Nuremberg trials”
It’s important to keep in mind that the future European “Nuremberg trials” which will be 
held when the European cultural conservatives reassert control of their territories has the 
potential to be a very bloody process. The cultural Marxists/pro-Multiculturalists will not 
be “lightly treated”.
Individuals or groups who have actively supported the EU’s Eurabia project (European 
multiculturalism/Islamisation of Europe) and the so called “anti-racist witch hunts” will be 
punished severely for their crimes.
This is especially aimed at multiculturalists in the political, intellectual, religious, media, 
teaching and publishing apparatus.
National, regional and local knowledge may be required
Considering the fact that national, regional or even local knowledge is required when 
evaluating targets it is generally advised that ”foreign” Justiciar Knights do not ignorantly 
act based on rumours or lacking intelligence when launching operations on ”unfamiliar 
grounds”. In many cases it can be difficult for a Spanish Justiciar Knight to fully 
comprehend f. example the political system in Sweden and vice versa. A Justiciar Knight 
should NEVER act blindly on external intelligence sources but should do his own research 
in order to confirm all relevant information when evaluating and selecting targets. People 
do make mistakes when preparing intelligence reports and all information should be 
thoroughly evaluated by a credible and competent individual who possesses national, 
regional or local knowledge.
Alternative areas to study 
System disruption
Effective use of system disruption with the goal of completely shutting down an 
important process/production facility and delay and/or halt repairs. 
Hostage taking
Effective use of hostages to coerce both the government and the multinationals.
Swarm-based maneuvers
A more sophisticated approach where we are quickly attacking targets in succession. 
Multiple, highly maneuverable units can keep the government's defensive systems 
(police/SWAT) off-balance defending their sprawling networks (Phase 2 strategy)
Actions which are considered counter-productive
Random violence against Muslims is considered counter-productive and will only create 
more sympathy for Islam at best. Random racist violence against people of colour (non-
Muslims) is even worse. Not only does it undermine everything the movement stands for, 
it labels you as racist and a violent bigot. Be especially aware of people of the peaceful 
faiths - Jews, Buddhists, Hindus etc as they are considered allies against the Global 
Islamic Ummah. 
Military efforts involving several nations
Very often it will be beneficial to plan and organise an attack from a bordering country. F 
example as a Norwegian, there are many benefits of doing much of the work relating to 
the organisation of a specific operation from Sweden (f example in Western rural 
Sweden). It is much easier to stay of the Norwegian NIAs radar (national intelligence 
agency) if you are located in another country as cross-border planning/organisation will 
complicate any efforts of surveillance or will in any case reduce the chance of the 
operation being compromised.
Operations swap
A national resistance commander or cell commander can at any given time initiate an 
operation-swap with a neighbouring country’s cell commander if both parties are willing. 
By doing so, and by combining this with cross-country planning they will increase their 
chances of success. Obviously, the general rules of confidentiality will still apply so no 
one will have any sensitive information about the other parts plan.  

