# 2.31 Muslim Persecution of Christians

> 原文页码: 425-438

The website lists an overview of Jihadi terror acts since 2001.
Unfortunately, this is only the top of the ice berg. There are hundreds more attacks 
occurring every single day, across the world, which are not documented. This includes 
Europeans slain by Muslims living in Europe. There is no website as far as we know who 
catalogue these atrocities. 
Rough estimates of non-Muslims (primarily native Europeans) slain by Muslims living in 
Europe since 1960:
10 000 – 20 000
See book 3, “charges” for more estimates.
2.31 Muslim Persecution of Christians
By Robert Spencer
“Get out your weapons,” commanded Jaffar Umar Thalib, a 40-year-old Muslim cleric, 
over Indonesian radio in May 2002. “Fight to the last drop of blood.”[1]
The target of this Jihad was Indonesian Christians. Christians, Jaffar explained, were 
“belligerent infidels” (kafir harbi) and entitled to no mercy. This designation was not 
merely a stylistic flourish on Jaffar’s part. On the contrary, kafir harbi is a category of 
infidel that is clearly delineated in Islamic theology. By using this term, Jaffar was not 
only inciting his followers to violence, but telling them that their actions were 
theologically sanctioned.
Jaffar’s words had consequences. The death toll among Indonesian Christians in the 
chaos that followed was estimated to be as high as 10,000, with countless thousands 
more left homeless.[2] Journalist Rod Dreher reported in 2002 that Jaffar Umar Thalib’s 
jihadist group, Laskar Jihad, had also “forcibly converted thousands more, and 
demolished hundreds of churches.”[3]
What happened in Indonesia was treated by the international press as an isolated 
incident. In fact, however, the violent jihad there was part of the ongoing persecution of 
Christians by Muslims throughout the Islamic world. This violence, reminiscent of 
barbarous religious conflicts of seven hundred years ago, is the dirty little secret of 
contemporary religion. Fearful of offending Muslim sensibilities, the international 
community has averted its gaze, allowing the persecution to take place in the darkness. 
Nowhere else is religious bigotry legitimated by holy writ, in this case the Quran, or by a 
significant number of religious leaders, in this case imams. Nowhere else does religious 
bigotry have such bloody consequences. Nowhere else does such religious bigotry take 
place almost entirely without comment, let alone condemnation, from the human rights 
community.
Christian persecution by Muslims has become a familiar narrative, repeated with 
terrifying frequency in Muslim controlled areas throughout the world, but especially in the 
Middle East.
Murdered Christian Clergy in Iraq
On April 5, 2008, Youssef Adel, an Assyrian Orthodox priest at St. Peter and Paul church 
in Baghdad, was killed in a drive-by shooting as he was opening the gate of his house.[4] 
This attack came just weeks after the death of Archbishop Paulos Faraj Rahho of the 
Chaldean Catholic Church, who was kidnapped in the Iraqi city of Mosul on February 29 
while three Christians with him were also killed. On March 12, the kidnappers phoned a 
church in Mosul to announce that Archbishop Rahho was dead, and indicate where the 
body could be found.[5]
While mosques proliferate throughout the west, Christian clergymen have become an 
endangered species in Iraq. In October 2006, a Syrian Orthodox priest, Fr. Boulos 
Iskander, went shopping for auto parts in the Iraqi city of Mosul. He was never seen alive 
again. A Muslim group kidnapped him and initially demanded $350,000 in ransom; they 
eventually lowered this to $40,000, but added a new demand: Fr. Boulos’ parish had to 
denounce the mildly critical remarks about Islam made the previous month by Pope 
Benedict in an address in Regensburg, Germany, that had caused rioting all over the 
Islamic world. The ransom was paid, and the church dutifully posted thirty large signs all 
over Mosul
denouncing the Pope’s statements. All to no avail: when Fr. Boulos’ remains were 
discovered, he had not only been murdered but dismembered.
Five hundred Christians attended the funeral. Looking at the crowd, another priest 
commented: “Many more wanted to come to the funeral, but they were afraid. We are in 
very bad circumstances now.”[6]
There is no doubt of that. The murders of these three clergymen took place against a 
backdrop of increasing danger for Christians in Iraq. In March 2007, Islamic gangs 
knocked on doors in Christian neighbourhoods in Baghdad, demanding payment of the 
Jizya, the religion-based tax assessed by Islamic law against Christians, Jews, and other 
non Muslim groups who live in Muslim lands.[7] Meanwhile, Christian women throughout 
the country are threatened with kidnapping or death if they do not wear a headscarf. In 
accord with traditional Islamic legal restrictions on Christians “openly displaying wine or 
pork” (in the words of a legal manual endorsed by Cairo’s venerable Al-Azhar
University), liquor store owners in Iraq have likewise been threatened.[8] Many 
businesses have been destroyed, and the owners have fled.
In fact, half of the nation’s prewar 700,000 Christians have fled the country since 2003. 
The difference in the violence they face is one of degrees. Even in the relatively secular 
Iraq of Saddam Hussein, where the notorious Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz was a 
Chaldean Catholic Christian, the small Christian community faced random violenc from 
the Muslim majority. Aside from outbreaks of actual persecution, including murder, 
Christians were routinely pressured to renounce their religion and to marry Muslims.[9] 
Iraqi Christians today are streaming into Syria, or, if they can, out of the Middle East 
altogether. An Iraqi businessman now living in Syria lamented that “now at least 75% of
my Christian friends have fled. There is no future for us in Iraq.”[10]
Coptic Christians victimised in Egypt
In Egypt, Coptic Christians have suffered discrimination and harassment for centuries. 
Rather than being mitigated by the growing tolerance and interconnection of the global 
community, the jeopardy of Christians is increasing today, with mob attacks on churches 
and on individual Christians becoming more frequent. In February 2007, rumours that a 
Coptic Christian man was having an affair with a Muslim woman – a violation of Islamic 
law – led to a rampage that resulted in the destruction of several Christian-owned shops 
in southern Egypt.[11] And besides physical attacks, Christians have been restricted from 
speaking freely. In August 2007, two Coptic rights activists were arrested for “publishing 
articles and declarations that are damaging to Islam and insulting to Prophet Mohammed 
on the United Copts web site.”[12]
Mistreatment of Christians in Egypt frequently meets with indifference – or worse yet, 
complicity -- from Egyptian authorities. In June 2007, rioters in Alexandria vandalised 
Christian shops, attacked and injured seven Christians, and damaged two Coptic 
churches. Police allowed the mob to roam free in Alexandria’s Christian quarter for an 
hour and a half before intervening. The Compass Direct News service, which tracks 
incidents of Christian persecution, noted: “In
April 2006, Alexandria was the scene of three knife attacks on churches that killed one 
Christian and left a dozen more injured. The government appeared unable or unwilling to 
halt subsequent vandalism of Coptic-owned shops and churches...”[13]
The ordeal of Suhir Shihata Gouda exemplifies the experience of many Egyptian 
Christians, and principally of Christian women, who are frequently victimised by Muslim 
men.[14] According to the Jubilee Campaign, which records incidences of Christian 
persecution:
[A Christian woman named Suhir] was kidnapped on February 25th [1999] by a group of 
Muslims who forced her to marry a Muslim man, Saed Sadek Mahmoud. After Suhir failed 
to return home from school, her distraught father rushed to Abu-Tisht police station to 
report the incident, but instead of assisting him, a police officer began assaulting Suhir’s 
father…beating and cursing him. Three days later, Suhir’s father and brother returned to the 
police station to ask for help and they were subjected to the same abuse, as a result of 
which the father had to be admitted to hospital for treatment.
Suhir herself managed to escape, but was recaptured “and beaten for running away and 
is currently under heavy guard.” Her Muslim “husband” accompanied a mob to her 
father’s house where they threatened to kill all the Christian
men in Suhir’s home village, and carry off all the women, if her family took legal action.
[15]
Bishop Wissa of Egypt’s Coptic Orthodox Church painted a grim picture in an interview 
with the Protestant organisation Prayer for the Persecuted Church in May 2000:
One man in his 20s was in the field working when he was approached by armed Muslims. 
He was asked to renounce Christianity and to verbally say the two statements of faith that 
would convert him to Islam. When he refused and did the sign of the cross, he was shot in 
the head and killed. Another young man had a tattoo on his arm of St. George and the 
Virgin Mary. They also asked him to renounce his faith. When he refused, they cut off his 
arm that had the Christian tattoos and chopped it up. They finished him off with their 
daggers and then burned his body.
A 17-year-old boy, who is a deacon at the church, was going to look for his sister in the 
fields. He too was asked to renounce his faith, and when he refused, he was shot. After 
they killed him, they asked the young girl to lay next to her brother and they killed her 
right there.
The Egyptian government, caught between the demands of Sharia and its secular laws, 
couldn’t entirely ignore these acts of murder. It compensated each of the families of 
these victims, albeit in a manner that only underscored the relatively cheapness of a 
Christian life: each family received eight hundred dollars. And this was only because of 
the notoriety of the cases. The families of other victims,
however, get neither recompense nor justice. One man’s son was on his way to school 
when Islamic militants stopped the school bus on which he was riding and ordered the 
Christians to separate from the Muslims. They demanded that the boy renounce his faith. 
When he refused, says Bishop Wissa, “they killed him with an axe, and then they drove 
over his body with their car.” Authorities called the death a vehicular accident, and denied 
the father compensation — just as they did previously when Muslim militants destroyed 
his shop.[16]
Jihadist Aggression against Christians in Pakistan
In Pakistan the situation for Christians is no better. Fr. Emmanuel Asi, chairman of the 
Theological Institute for Laity in Lahore and secretary of the Catholic Bible
Commission of Pakistan, said in August 2007 that Pakistani Christians are frequently 
denied equality of rights with Muslims and subjected to various forms of discrimination. 
Jihadist aggression, he said, can “at any time” bring “every imaginable kind of problem” 
upon Pakistan’s Christians.[17]
As in Egypt, Christians in Pakistan have been subjected to mob violence and threats. In 
August 2007, Christians (as well as Hindus) in Peshawar in northern Pakistan received 
letters from a jihadist group ordering them to convert to Islam in a matter of days or 
“your colony will be ruined.” The deadline passed, but according to Compass Direct, the 
Christians continued “to live in fear, canceling church activities and skipping 
services.”[18] They had good reason to be worried, since jihadists had made good their 
promises to attack Pakistani churches in the past. In an attack in a Peshawar church on 
October 28, 2001, for instance, eighteen Christians were murdered during the Sunday 
morning worship service.[19] In another church attack on March 17, 2002, five Christians 
were killed and forty wounded. The entire Pakistani Christian community lived under the 
shadow of an al-Qaeda threat to kill “two Christians in retaliation for every Muslim killed 
in the U.S. military strikes in Afghanistan.”[20]
In addition to group attacks, there is also individual harassment. Pakistani Christian 
schoolteacher Cadherine Shaheen was “pressured to convert to Islam.” When she 
resisted, she was finally told that if she did not capitulate she would face serious 
consequences. Soon she was accused of blasphemy. All the area mosques posted copies 
a poster bearing her name and picture. “This was a death sentence for me,” says 
Shaheen. “It’s considered an honour for one of the Muslim men to kill a blasphemer. Just 
before me, the Muslims murdered a school principal accused of blasphemy. I was next.” 
Shaheen went underground, where upon Pakistani police arrested her father and 
brothers. Her father, age 85, soon died. Cadherine made her way to the United States. 
“It’s horrible for Christians in Pakistan,” she now says. “The Muslims take our land, rob 
our homes, try to force us to accept Islam. Young girls are kidnapped and raped. Then 
they’re told that if they want a husband who will accept them after that defilement, they 
must become Muslim.”[21]
Religious Cleansing Elsewhere in the Islamic world
The same dispiriting story is repeated all over the Muslim world. In June 2007 Christians 
in Gaza appealed to the international community for protection after jihadists destroyed a 
church and a school.[22] In Sudan, the Khartoum regime has for years waged a bloody 
jihad against the Christians in the southern part of the country, killing two million 
Sudanese Christians and displacing five million
more.[23] In Spring 2003 jihadists burned to death a Sudanese Christian pastor and his 
family while carrying out an unprovoked massacre of 59 villagers.[24]
In Nigeria, Muslim mobs have torched churches, enforced Sharia codes on Christians, and 
even horse-whipped female Christian college students whom they deemed improperly 
dressed.[25] Over 2,000 people were killed in 2001 in Muslim instigated riots in the city 
of Jos. All over Nigeria, Islamic jihadists continue to try to impose the Sharia over the 
whole country, despite its sizable Christian population. A report warned that in Jos, “the 
conflict could recur, since Muslim militants are still bent on attacking Christians.”[26]
Even in Lebanon, traditionally the Middle East’s sole Christian land, Christians suffer 
persecution -- marked most notably by an ongoing series of assassinations of Christian 
political leaders, including the bombing in a Christian suburb of Beirut in September 2007 
that killed Antoine Ghanem of the Christian Phalange party.[27] This has led to declining 
numbers and declining influence – which in turn encourages yet more persecution. 
Communities that date back almost two thousand years to the dawn of Christianity have 
been steadily decreasing in numbers; now the faith is on the verge of disappearing from 
the area altogether.
Muslim militants in Algeria have targeted that country’s small group of Catholics for 
years. In 1994, they killed a priest, a nun, and four missionaries; in 1995, two nuns; in 
1996, a bishop and fourteen monks. Many of those who were murdered were trying to 
establish friendly relations with the Muslim community. Bishop Pierre Claverie of Oran, 
killed in 1996, “had dedicated his life to promoting dialogue between Islam and 
Christianity; he was known as the ‘Bishop of the Muslims’ and had studied Islam in depth 
— indeed to such an extent that...the Muslims themselves would consult him on the 
subject.”[28]
In early 2002 in Malawi, according to Compass Direct, two local Christians “have been 
stoned, threatened with machetes and warned by local Muslim leaders that they will be 
sent back to their original villages as corpses if they continue to hold meetings in their 
houses.”[29]
According to Aid to the Church in Need, in Bangladesh “on April 28 1998, a crowd — 
instigated by the Islamists — ransacked and partly burnt down the Catholic girls’ college 
of St. Francis Xavier, the churches of Santa Croce and St. Thomas in the capital, and the 
Baptist church in Sadarghat. Some priests, nuns and even ordinary workers have been 
threatened with death.”
The occasion for this violence seems to have been a dispute over land: “The reason for 
the conflict was a plot of land belonging to the church which the adjacent mosque wanted 
for itself. Seven thousand people, incited via a loud-hailer with claims that the mosque 
had been invaded by Christians and Jews, broke into the St Francis Xavier College, 
burning books, smashing crucifixes and statues of the Virgin, breaking down doors, 
windows and ransacking the dormitories.”[30]
Libyan strongman Muammar Qaddafi is likewise intolerant of Christians. Aid to the 
Church in Need reports that in Libya, “The majority of the Christian churches were closed 
following the revolution of 1969, despite the fact that the words of the Constitution 
guarantee the liberty of religion. After expelling the Italian and Maltese Catholics, Qaddafi 
turned the cathedral in the capital into a mosque.”[31]
Since the Turkish occupation of northern Cyprus in 1974, churches have been despoiled 
of icons, which have flooded the black market in Greece. The Turks have taken over 
many churches for secular uses, and even tried to convert
the fourth century monastery of San Makar into a hotel. Christian Cypriots are forbidden 
to come near the building, much less enter it.[32]
Muslim militants seem determined to drive all Christians out of the country. In Tur-Abdin 
in southwest Turkey in 1960, there were 150,000 Christians; today there are just over 
two thousand. Terrorism is employed where subtler means of
persuasion fail: according to Aid to the Church in Need, “on December 3, 1997, a bomb 
exploded in the headquarters of the Ecumenical Patriarch, injuring a deacon and 
damaging the church.”[33] The Turkish government, meanwhile, has
closed the last remaining Orthodox seminary, and with its requirement that the Patriarch 
of Constantinople be a Turkish citizen, seems intent upon destroying the patriarchate.
In Indonesia, the massacres of Christians by Laskar Jihad in 2002 described above were 
not the beginning or the end of the plight of Christians there. In Java in 1996, Muslims 
destroyed thirteen churches. Thirteen more churches were torched in Djakarta in 1998 
by mobs shouting, “We are Muslim gentlemen and they are Christian pigs” and, 
paraphrasing the Qur’an, “Kill all the pagans!” One Muslim shouted at an army officer 
who was trying to protect some Christians to “stand aside and allow Islamic justice to 
take its course.”[34]
Human rights organisations report that Indonesian jihadists, often abetted by local 
government officials, have forced the closing of 110 churches in Indonesia between 2004 
and 2007.[35] Because of the violence, incidents of commonplace Christian charity have 
been transformed into homilies on what appear to be the perdurable differences between 
Islam and Christianity: Aid to the Church in Need tells of “eight Sisters of the Little Child 
Jesus, on arriving in Cileduk, a suburb of Java, were attacked by stone-throwing 
Muslims; they responded by building a care centre for children, an old people’s home and 
a school.”
And in the most horrific instance of Muslim persecution of Christians in Indonesia, in 
October 2005, three Islamic jihadists beheaded three Christian girls and severely 
wounded a fourth as they walked to school near the city of Poso.[36] For this ghastly 
triple murder, an Indonesian court sentenced the organiser of the attack to twenty years 
in prison; his two accomplices both got fourteen years.[37]
Christians who have converted from Islam suffer special hatred. But those born to the 
faith don’t have it much easier. Saudi Arabia, the holy land of Islam, has been especially 
harsh on religious minorities. Even foreigners must submit to draconian Saudi religious 
laws:
In 1979, when the Muslims requested the intervention of a special French unit into the 
Kaaba, against a group of Islamic fundamentalists who were opposed to the government, 
the soldiers of the intervention force of the French national police (GIGN — Groupe 
d’intervention de la Gendarmerie nationale) were obliged to undergo a rapid ceremony of 
conversion to Islam. Even the Red Cross was obliged, during the course of the Gulf war, to 
drive around without the symbol of the Cross and not to display its banner.[38]
Adds former U. S. Foreign Service Officer Tim Hunter, who served in Saudi Arabia from 
1993 to 1995, “On occasion they beat, even tortured, Americans in Jeddah for as little as 
possessing a photograph with a Star of David in
the background or singing Christmas carols....The Mutawa [Saudi religious police] 
chained, beat and cast clergy into medieval-style dungeons.”[39]
Amnesty International reports that an Indian named George Joseph, who was working in 
Saudi Arabia, “was reportedly arrested outside his home in May [2000] as he returned 
from a Catholic service with a religious cassette tape.”[40]
In early 2003 the Saudi government reaffirmed that there was not and would never be a 
church in the Kingdom. “This country was the launchpad for the prophecy and the 
message, and nothing can contradict this, even if we lose our necks,” said Prince Sultan, 
the Saudi defence minister. Responding to complaints that American military and 
diplomatic personnel were not allowed to practice their faith, he called them “fanatics” 
and declared: “There are no churches — not in the past, the present or future. . . . 
Whoever said that [churches should be established] must shut up and be ashamed.”[41] 
Reports in early 2008 that Pope Benedict XVI and the Vatican were in talks with Saudi 
officials to open a church in the Kingdom were put in perspective quickly by Anwar 
Ashiqi, president of the Saudi centre for Middle East strategic studies, in an interview on 
the Arab television network al-Arabiya. “I haven taken part in several meetings related to 
Islamic-Christian dialogue and there have been negotiations on this issue,” he explained. 
However, “it would be possible to launch official negotiations to construct a church in 
Saudi Arabia only after the Pope and all the Christian churches recognise the prophet 
Mohammed. If they don’t recognise him as a prophet, how can we have a church in the 
Saudi kingdom?”[42]
The religious cleansing of Christians in the Muslim world does not surprise anyone 
familiar with the origins of Islam. The prophet Muhammad declared: “I will expel the 
Jews and Christians from the Arabian Peninsula and will not leave any but Muslims.”[43] 
According to a modern Islamic legal manual, Christians are “forbidden to reside in the 
Hijaz, meaning the area and towns around Mecca, Medina, and Yamama, for more than 
three days.”[44] In fact, the highways in Saudi Arabia that lead to Mecca and Medina 
feature, a good distance away from the holy cities, exits marked “Non-Muslims Must Exit 
Here.”
The Punishment for Conscience is Death
Converts from Islam to Christianity are often hunted in the Muslim world, where virtually 
all religious authorities agree that such individuals deserve death. Muhammad himself 
commanded such a punishment: “Whoever changed his Islamic religion, then kill 
him.”[45] This is still the position of all the schools of Islamic jurisprudence, although 
there is some disagreement over whether the law applies only to men, or to women also.
At Cairo’s Al-Azhar University, the most prestigious and influential institution in the 
Islamic world, an Islamic manual certified as a reliable guide to Sunni Muslim orthodoxy 
states: “When a person who has reached puberty and is sane voluntarily apostatises 
from Islam, he deserves to be killed.” Although the right to kill an apostate is reserved in 
Muslim law to the leader of the community and other Muslims can theoretically be 
punished for taking this duty upon themselves, in practice a Muslim who kills an apostate 
needs to pay no indemnity and perform no expiatory acts (as he must in other kinds of 
murder cases under classic Islamic law). This accommodation is made because killing an 
apostate “is killing someone who deserves to die.”[46]
IslamOnline, a website manned by a team of Islam scholars headed by the internationally 
influential Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi, explains, “If a sane person who has reached 
puberty voluntarily apostatises from Islam, he deserves to be punished. In such a case, it 
is obligatory for the caliph (or his representative) to ask him to repent and return to 
Islam. If he does, it is accepted from him, but if he refuses, he is immediately killed.” 
And what if someone doesn’t wait for a caliph to appear and takes matters into his own 
hands? Although the killer is to be “disciplined” for “arrogating the caliph’s prerogative 
and encroaching upon his rights,” there is “no blood money for killing an apostate (or any 
expiation)” – in other words, no significant punishment for the killer.[47]
An Afghan named Abdul Rahman knows all this well. In February 2006, he was arrested 
for the crime of leaving Islam for Christianity.[48] The Afghan Constitution stipulates that 
“no law can be contrary to the beliefs and provisions of the sacred religion of Islam.”[49] 
Even after his arrest, Western analysts seem to have had trouble grasping the import of 
this provision. A “human rights expert” quoted by the Times of London summed up 
confusion widespread in Western countries: “The constitution says Islam is the religion of 
Afghanistan, yet it also mentions the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and Article 
18 specifically forbids this kind of recourse. It really highlights the problem the judiciary 
faces.”[50]
But in fact there was contraction. The Constitution may declare its “respect” for the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, but it also says that no law can contradict Islamic 
law. The Constitution’s definition of religious freedom is explicit: “The religion of the state 
of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is the sacred religion of Islam. Followers of other 
religions are free to exercise their faith and perform their religious rites within the 
limits of the provisions of law” [My emphasis].
The Islamic death penalty for apostasy is deeply ingrained in Islamic culture -- which is 
one reason why it was Abdul Rahman’s own family that went to police to file a complaint 
about his conversion. Whatever triggered their action in 2006, they could be confident 
that the police would receive such a complaint with the utmost seriousness.
After an international outcry, Abdul Rahman was eventually spirited out of Afghanistan to 
relative safety in Italy. Despite the publicity, his case was hardly unique. Sudanese Al-
Faki Kuku Hassan, whom news reports describe as “a former Muslim sheikh who 
converted to Christianity in 1995,” was arrested for apostasy in March 1998 and held, 
despite international protests, until his declining health (he suffered a stroke in Spring 
2001) led to his release on May 31, 2001.[51]
Muhammad Sallam, an Egyptian convert to Christianity, was arrested in 1989 and 
tortured; he was arrested again in 1998 and spirited away to an unknown destination. 
Two other converts to Christianity in Egypt, Dr. Abdul-Rahman Muhammad Abdul-Ghaffar 
and Abdul Hamid Beshan Abd El Mohzen, were held in solitary confinement for extended 
periods in the late 1980s.
In Morocco, authorities jailed Christian converts as well as a Salvadoran Baptist musician, 
Gilberto Orellana, who was accused of converting a Muslim to Christianity.[52] Even in 
comparatively tolerant Jordan, where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the 
Constitution, “Muslims who convert to other religions suffer discrimination both socially 
and on the part of the authorities, since the government does not fully recognise the 
legality of such conversions and considers the converts to be still Muslims, subject to the 
Sharia, according to which they are apostates and could have their property confiscated 
and many of their rights denied them.”[53]
Robert Hussein Qambar Ali, a Kuwaiti national who converted from Islam to Christianity 
in the 1990s, was arrested and tried for apostasy, even though the Kuwaiti Constitution 
guarantees the freedom of religion. Mohammad Al-Jadai, one of Hussein’s prosecutors, 
explained: “Legislators did not regulate the question of apostasy in the Constitution 
because they never thought this kind of thing could happen here. The freedom of belief 
in the Constitution applies only to the religion of birth.”[54]
When Hussein asked during a court hearing to see a memorandum from the prosecution, 
the prosecutor told the judge, “His blood is immoral! This document contains verses from 
the Holy Qur’an and should not be touched by this infidel!” Then the prosecutor began 
quoting a passage from the memorandum that made abundantly clear the relationship 
between Kuwait’s ostensibly tolerant secular law and the Sharia: “With grief I have to say 
that our criminal law does not include a penalty for apostasy. The fact is that the 
legislature, in our humble opinion, cannot enforce a penalty for apostasy any more or 
less than what our Allah and his messenger have decreed. The ones who will make the 
decision about his apostasy are: our Book, the Sunna, the agreement of the prophets 
and their legislation given by Allah.”
An Islamic court condemned Hussein to die. Professor Anh Nga Longva of the University 
of Bergen, Norway visited Kuwait in 1997 and found passions running high over the case: 
“I found a surprisingly strong consensus across the liberal/islamist divide. Practically 
everyone agreed that Qambar’s conversion was a serious crime and as is the case with all 
crimes, it had to be punished. They also agreed that depriving him of all his civil rights 
was an adequate punishment. The only topic which gave rise to some disagreement and 
a subdued sense of unease within some circles was the question of the death penalty.”
Intriguingly, Longva reports that those who were indignant over Hussein Qambar Ali’s 
conversion invoked the same Qur’anic verse he would have used to argue that Hussein 
was within his rights to become a Christian: “Those who opposed [the death penalty for 
Hussein] based their position on the Qur’anic verse 2:257 [in most Qur’anic verse 
numbering systems it is 2:256] that says ‘no compulsion is there in religion’. But more 
often than not, the same verse was quoted in front of me to show that precisely because 
Islam is such a tolerant religion, there are no possible excuses for apostasy.”[55]
Longva quotes the disquieting summation of a Kuwaiti jurist: “We always remind those 
who want to convert to Islam that they enter through a door but that there is no way 
out.”[56] Hussein was eventually convicted of apostasy, but increasing international 
attention to this case enabled him to escape to the United States.
In August 2007, Mohammed Hegazy, an Egyptian convert from Islam to Christianity, was 
forced to go into hiding after a death sentence was pronounced against him by Islamic 
clerics. He refused to flee Egypt, however, and declared:
“I know there are fatwas to shed my blood, but I will not give up and I will not leave the 
country.”[57] Early in 2008, his father told Egyptian newspapers: “I am going to try to 
talk to my son and convince him to return to Islam. If he refuses, I am going to kill him 
with my own hands.” As of this writing, Hegazy remains in hiding in Egypt.[58]
While doing nothing to help Hegazy, in February 2008, the Egyptian government made 
what appeared to be a significant concession to that nation’s Christian minority when it 
allowed converts from Islam to Christianity to note their new religion on their state-
issued identity cards.[59]
This seemed at first glance to be a major departure from the traditional death penalty for 
apostates from Islam. But Egypt, although it is not a Sharia state, has never looked 
kindly upon those who converted. While the new regulation seemed to be a step in a new 
direction, it turned out that the concession applies only to Christians who converted to 
Islam and then returned to Christianity. The converts’ identity cards will bear that 
information. In light of the Islamic law making apostasy from Islam a capital offense, the 
converts’ identity cards are the equivalent of a bulls-eye. Any Muslim who meets them 
and takes the death penalty for apostasy seriously will consider himself justified to kill 
them.
Qur’anic Justification for the persecution of Christians
“Like Christians, Muslims respect and revere Jesus. Islam teaches that Jesus is one of the 
greatest of God’s prophets and messengers to humankind. Like Christians, every day, over 
1.3 billion Muslims strive to live by his teachings of love, peace, and forgiveness. Those 
teachings, which have become universal values, remind us that all of us, Christians, 
Muslims, Jews, and all others have more in common than we think.”
So read an advertisement that the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) placed 
in California newspapers in March 2004. The ad’s message about bridges between Islam 
and Christians appeared to have a Qur’anic precedent. The Islamic holy book asserts that 
Christians will be the closest friends to Muslims: “Strongest among men in enmity to the 
believers wilt thou find the Jews and Pagans; and nearest among them in love to the 
believers wilt thou find those who say, ‘We are Christians’: because amongst these are 
men devoted to learning and men who have renounced the world, and they are not 
arrogant” (5:82).
But in the Muslim world there is no reason to play act at ecumenism. On the other hand, 
the Saudi Sheikh Marzouq Salem Al-Ghamdi recently preached in a mosque in Mecca that 
“Christians are infidels, enemies of Allah, his Messenger, and the believers. They deny 
and curse Allah and his Messenger . . . How can we draw near to these infidels?”[60]
The Sheikh was ignoring Qur’an 5:82 in favor of another verse: “O ye who believe! Take 
not the Jews and the Christians for your friends and protectors: they are but friends and 
protectors to each other. And he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of 
them. Verily Allah guideth not a people unjust” (5:51).
Besides these mixed messages, the Qur’an has a great deal more to say about 
Christianity and Christ. It teaches Jesus’s Virgin Birth (Sura 19, which is entitled “Mary,” 
contains a long description of this event) and calls him Allah’s “Word” and “a spirit 
proceeding from Him,” but it also denies the Trinity and insists that Jesus is not the Son 
of God (4:171). It places Jesus in a line of prophets including many Old Testament 
figures: “Say ye: ‘We believe in Allah, and the revelation given to us, and to Ibrahim 
(Abraham), Isma’il, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and that given to Moses and Jesus, and 
that given to (all) prophets from their Lord. We make no difference between one and 
another of them, and we bow to Allah (in Islam)’” (2:136).
In the Qur’anic view, this line culminates in Muhammad, the last and greatest prophet 
whose revelation completes and corrects all previous revelations. Hence Muslims 
traditionally believe that Islam is the final revelation from Allah, but that Jews and 
Christians also received genuine revelations (hence their Qur’anic designation “People of 
the Book”), which they have criminally altered to exalt Jesus as the Son of God and 
remove references to the coming of Muhammad. Christians also added the false doctrines 
of the Trinity and the Divinity of Christ: “So believe in Allah and His messengers, and say 
not ‘Three.’ Cease! (it is) better for you! Allah is only One Allah. Far is it removed from 
His Transcendent Majesty that He should have a son” (4:171).
Consequently, there is an evasiveness in some Muslims’ claim that Islam recognises 
Christianity as a legitimate faith. For the Christianity that the Qur’an recognises is not 
Christianity as millions practice it around the world today. The Qur’an says of Jesus: “We 
sent him the Gospel. Therein was guidance and light, and confirmation of the Law that 
had come before him, a guidance and an admonition to those who fear Allah. Let the 
people of the Gospel judge by what
Allah hath revealed therein. If any do fail to judge by (the light of) what Allah hath 
revealed, they are (no better than) those who rebel” (5:46-47).
When Muslims began to have contact with Christians on a large scale, this passage put 
them in an uncomfortable position: they held that the Gospel bore witness to 
Muhammad’s prophethood, and that accordingly if Christians judged by it rightly, they 
would become Muslims. But instead Muslims found that the New Testament affirmed the 
Christian understanding of Jesus that the Qur’an repudiated, and contained no trace of 
an idea that a later prophet would come with a final revelation. Thus Muslims began to 
teach that Christians had corrupted the pure Gospel that was given to Jesus by Allah.
This idea is still common in the Islamic world today. The Muslim scholar Abdullah Yusuf 
Ali, translator of a popular English version of the Qur’an, includes an explanatory note in 
his Qur’an about the Gospel: “The Injil [Gospel] mentioned in the Qur’an is certainly not 
the New Testament, and it is not the four Gospels, as now received by the Christian 
Church, but an original Gospel which was promulgated by Jesus as the Tawrah [Torah] 
was promulgated by Moses and the Qur’an by Muhammad al Mustafa.”[61]
Thus while there are, of course, many Muslims willing to live in peace and harmony with 
Christians, there are others who feel they are doctrinally justified by their faith to despise 
Christians as corrupters of Allah’s word and bearers of his curse.
This is a key source of much of the enduring enmity between Muslims and Christians. 
And that enmity is compounded by the Islamic doctrine of jihad: the idea that it is part of 
the responsibility of the Muslim community to wage war against unbelievers until they 
either convert to Islam, submit to Muslim rule (which involves accepting a number of 
humiliating regulations), or are killed. This triple choice, announced by Muhammad 
himself, is founded on the Qur’an, which states explicitly that it is to be extended to Jews 
and Christians: “Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the Last Day, nor hold that 
forbidden which hath been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger, nor acknowledge the 
religion of Truth, (even if they are) of the People of the Book, until they pay the Jizya [a 
special higher tax rate] with willing submission, and feel themselves subdued” (9:29).
Persecution of Christians: A living tradition
Muhammad’s last military expedition was against the Byzantine Christians in the northern 
Arabian garrison of Tabuk, and shortly after their prophet’s death Islamic jihadists 
conquered and Islamised what had up to then been the Christian lands of the Middle 
East, North Africa and Spain. The jihad then pointed toward Christian Europe and 
continued there for centuries, with a high water mark coming in 1453 with the conquest 
of Constantinople. But in September 1683, the Ottoman siege of Vienna was broken, and 
the Islamic tide in Europe began to recede. But the doctrines that fueled the jihad 
against Christians were never reformed or rejected by any Islamic sect. Consequently, 
with the renewal of jihadist sentiments among Muslims in the twentieth century came 
renewed persecution of Christians. This chilling story told by a woman who lived during 
the Ottoman Empire of the late nineteenth century captures the moment of that renewal 
in one household:
Then one night, my husband came home and told me that the padisha had sent word that 
we were to kill all the Christians in our village, and that we would have to kill our 
neighbours. I was very angry, and told him that I did not care who gave such orders, they 
were wrong. These neighbours had always been kind to us, and if he dared to kill them 
Allah would pay us out. I tried all I could to stop him, but he killed them — killed them with 
his own hand.[62]
The Christian population in Turkey has declined from 15% in 1920 to one percent today. 
In Syria, it has declined from 33% to 10% in the same span. In Bethlehem, 85% of the 
population was Christian in 1948; today, 12% hold to the faith of the town’s most 
celebrated native son.[63]
The burden of the past lies heavy on the present for Christians in the Muslim world. 
Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad, a controversial pro-Osama Muslim leader who lived for 
years in Great Britain but is now barred from reentering that country, wrote in October 
2002, “We cannot simply say that because we have no Khilafah [caliphate] we can just 
go ahead and kill any non-Muslim, rather, we must still fulfill their Dhimmah.”[64] The 
Dhimmah is the Islamic legal contract of protection for Jews, Christians, and some other 
inferiors under Islamic rule; those who accept this protection and the concomitant 
deprivation of various rights, are known as dhimmis. In 1999, Sheikh Yussef Salameh, 
the Palestinian Authority’s undersecretary for religious endowment, according to 
Jonathan Adelman and Agota Kuperman of the Foundation for the Defence of 
Democracies, “praised the idea that Christians should become dhimmis under Muslim 
rule, and such suggestions have become more common since the second intifada began 
in October 2000.”[65]
In a recent Friday sermon at a mosque in Mecca, Sheikh Marzouq Salem Al-Ghamdi 
spelled out the Sharia’s injunctions for dhimmis:
If the infidels live among the Muslims, in accordance with the conditions set out by the 
Prophet — there is nothing wrong with it provided they pay Jizya to the Islamic treasury. 
Other conditions are...that they do not renovate a church or a monastery, do not rebuild 
ones that were destroyed, that they feed for three days any Muslim who passes by their 
homes...that they rise when a Muslim wishes to sit, that they do not imitate Muslims in 
dress and speech, nor ride horses, nor own swords, nor arm themselves with any kind of 
weapon; that they do not sell wine, do not show the cross, do not ring church bells, do not 
raise their voices during prayer, that they shave their hair in front so as to make them 
easily identifiable, do not incite anyone against the Muslims, and do not strike a Muslim...If 
they violate these conditions, they have no protection.[66]
These Sharia provisions have not been fully enforced since the mid-nineteenth century, 
but today’s jihadists want to restore these laws along with the rest of the Sharia.
The idea that Christians must “feel themselves subdued” (Qur’an 9:29) in Islamic lands is 
also very much alive. When the first Catholic Church in Qatar opened in March 2008, it 
sported no cross, no bell, no steeple, and no sign. “The idea,” explained the church’s 
pastor, Fr. Tom Veneracion, “is to be discreet because we don’t want to inflame any 
sensitivities.”[67]
In the Philippines, the church in the nation’s one Islamic city, Marawi, has also done away 
with the cross. Catholic priest, Fr. Teresito Soganub, explains: “To avoid arguments and 
to avoid further misunderstandings we just plant the cross deep in our hearts.” Fr. 
Soganub, according to Reuters, “doesn’t wear a crucifix or a clerical collar and sports a 
beard out of respect for his Muslim neighbours.” He celebrates few weddings, since roast 
pork is a staple of wedding receptions for Filipino Catholics.[68]
It is easy to see the need for such discretion. Preaching in a mosque in Al-Damam, Saudi 
Arabia, the popular Saudi Sheikh Muhammad Saleh Al-Munajjid recommended hatred of 
Christians and Jews as a proper course: “Muslims must,” he declared, “educate their 
children to Jihad. This is the greatest benefit of the situation: educating the children to 
Jihad and to hatred of the Jews, the Christians, and the infidels; educating the children to 
Jihad and to revival of the embers of Jihad in their souls. This is what is needed 
now...”[69]
The Crime of Silence of Human Rights Groups
What Justus Reid Weiner, an international human rights lawyer, stated in December 2007 
about Christians in Palestinian areas applies to Christians in the Islamic world generally: 
“The systematic persecution of Christian Arabs living in Palestinian areas is being met 
with nearly total silence by the international community, human rights activists, the 
media and NGOs.” He said that if nothing were done, no Christians would be left there in 
fifteen years, for “Christian leaders are being forced to abandon their followers to the 
forces of radical Islam.”[70]
The nearly total silence manifests itself in the curiously euphemistic manner in which 
human rights groups report on the plight of Christians, when they notice that plight at 
all. For example, Amnesty International’s 2007 report on the human rights situation in 
Egypt dismisses the suffering of Coptic Christians in a single sentence so filled with 
euphemism and moral equivalence and so lacking in context that it almost erases the 
crime it describes: “There were sporadic outbreaks of sectarian violence between Muslims 
and Christians. In April [2006], three days of religious violence in Alexandria resulted in 
at least three deaths and dozens of injuries.”[71]  In reality, the strife began when a 
Muslim stabbed a Christian to death inside a church, and when armed jihadists attacked 
three churches in Alexandria that same month.[72]
The passive voice seems to be the rule of the day where jihad violence against Christians 
is concerned. The 2007 Amnesty International report on Indonesia includes this line: 
“Minority religious groups and church buildings continued to be attacked.” By whom? AI is 
silent. “In Sulawesi, sporadic religious violence occurred throughout the year.”[73] Who is 
responsible for that violence? AI doesn’t say. Amnesty International seems more 
concerned about protecting Islam and Islamic groups from being implicated in human 
rights abuses than about protecting Christians from those abuses. It appears that 
Christianity – even indigenous Egyptian Christianity, which of course predates the advent 
of Islam in that country – is too closely identified with the United States and the West for 
the multiculturalist tastes of the human rights elite.
The situation is dire. Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarch Gregory III, who lives in Damascus, 
declared in April 2006 that “after 11 September, there is a plot to eliminate all the 
Christian minorities from the Arabic world….Our simple existence ruins the equations 
whereby Arabs can’t be other than Moslems, and Christians but be westerners…. If the 
Chaldeans, the Assyrians, the Orthodox, the Latin
Catholics leave, if the Middle East is cleansed of all the Arabic Christians, the Moslem 
Arab world and a so-called Christian Western world will be left face to face. It will be 
easier to provoke a clash and justify it with religion. That is why I wrote a letter in July to 
all the Arab rulers, to explain how important it is that this small presence, 15 million Arab 
Christian scattered among 260 million Moslems, not be swept away.”[74]
Yet some American Christians and non-Christians are surprised just to discover that there 
are ancient communities of Christians in Islamic lands at all, and have no idea that 
Christians in the Islamic world are being persecuted. Others are indifferent because of 
the growing movement of chic atheism which sees all religions as equally objectionable, 
whatever their individual behaviour, and all victims of religious persecution as getting 
what they deserve. And many Westerners, particularly those in the human rights elite, 
are wedded to a moral paradigm in which only non-Western non-Christians can possibly 
fit into the human rights groups’ victim paradigm – a sad situation when the position of 
Christians all over the Third World is increasingly precarious.
And so Islamic jihadists and Sharia supremacists, with ever increasing confidence and 
brutality and virtually no protest from the West, continue to prey on the Christians in 
their midst. It’s a crime that is growing in consequence, and it has created a bloody 
ground where Islam and Christianity meet in the Third World.
Robert Spencer is a scholar of Islamic History, theology, and law and the director of Jihad 
Watch, a program of the David Horowitz Freedom Center. He is the author of The 
Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades) and The Truth About Muhammad. 
His latest book is Religion of Peace?.
Sources:
http://www.aina.org/reports/mpoc.pdf
1. Bill Guerin, “Poisoning the Peace in the Spice Islands,” Asia Times Online, January 24, 2003, www.atimes.com
2. Amy Chew, “Militant Laskar Jihad group disbands,” www.cnn.com, October 16, 2002; Daniel Pipes, “What is Jihad,” New York 
Post, December 31, 2002; Rod Dreher, “Do Christians Bleed?,” National Review, September 16, 2002.
3. Rod Dreher, “Do Christians Bleed?: Unreported persecution in the Muslim world,” National Review, September 16, 2002.
4. Sameer N. Yacoub, “Christian Priest Killed in Baghdad,” Associated Press, April 5, 2008.
5. Sameer N. Yacoub, “Archbishop kidnapped in Iraq dead,” Associated Press, March 12, 2008.
6. “Iraq: Kidnappers Behead Priest In Mosul,” Compass Direct News, October 12, 2006.
7. “Muslims Forcing Christian Assyrians in Baghdad Neighborhood to Pay ‘Protection Tax,’” Assyrian International News Agency, 
March 18, 2007.
8. “Iraq: Militant Group Threatens Female Students in Kirkuk,” AKI, June 6, 2006; Nimrod Raphaeli, “The Plight of Iraqi 
Christians,” Middle East Media Research Institute, Inquiry and Analysis Series No. 213, March 22, 2005.
9. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Iraq.” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/iraq.htm
10. William Dalrymple, “The final place of refuge for Christians in the Middle East is under threat,” The Guardian, September 2, 
2006.
11. “Love rumour sparks Muslim-Christian clash in Egypt,” Reuters, February 13, 2007.
12. “Egypt Christian activists held for ‘insulting Islam,’” Middle East Times, August 9, 2007.
13. “Egypt: Mobs Attack Churches Near Alexandria,” Compass Direct News, June 15, 2007.
14. Jubilee Campaign, “Muslim Extremists Pressure Egyptian Christians to Convert to Islam,” February 23, 1999. 
http://sikhnet.com/sikhnet/
discussion.nsf/By+Topic/b2a356d25fe67fa887256aef0079616e?Open
http://59.346.18.048plusf36:PJwojkw568423541554СЧ
15. Jubilee Campaign, “Christian Girl Kidnappped and Forced to Marry Muslim,” March 19, 1999, op. cit.
16. Sara Pearsaul, “When Hell Broke Loose,” http://www.persecutedchurch.org/know/story/story.htm.
17. “Priest: Pakistan Short on Religious Freedom,” Zenit News Agency, August 21, 2007.
18. “Pakistan: Religious Minorities Told To Convert Or Die,” Compass Direct News, August 16, 2007.
19. “18 dead in Pakistan church shooting,” BBC, October 28, 2001.
20. “Pakistan: Christmas Season Tense for Christians,” Compass Direct News, December 14, 2001.
21. Brian Saint-Paul, “The Crescent and the Gun,” Crisis, January 2002, p. 15.
22. Khaled Abu Toameh, “Gaza’s Christians fear for their lives,” Jerusalem Post, June 18, 2007.
23. John Eibner and Charles Jacobs, “France and Germany Abet Genocide,” Boston Globe, March 18, 2003.
24. “Islamists burn to death Christian pastor, family,” WorldNetDaily.com, June 4, 2003.
25. “Religious rioters torch 10 buildings in Jigawa,” The Guardian (Nigeria), September 21, 2006; “Muslim Fundamentalists 
Attack Xtian Female Students in FUT,” Daily Champion (Lagos), reprinted at AllAfrica.com, September 24, 2005.
26. “Nigeria: Death Toll Mounts in Religious Conflict,” Compass Direc News, December 14, 2001.
27. Yara Bayoumy, “Beirut car bomb kills anti-Syrian MP,” Reuters, September 19, 2007.
28. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Algeria,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/algeria.htm
29. “Malawi: Christian Teachers Threatened,” Compass Direct News, January 28, 2002.
30. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Bangladesh,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/bangladesh.htm
31. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Libya,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/libya.htm
32. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Cyprus,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/cyprus.htm
33. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Turkey,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/turkey.htm
34. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Indonesia,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/indonesia.htm
35. “Indonesia: 110 Churches Closed In Three Years,” Compass Direct News, April 2, 2008.
36. Tim Johnston, “Three Indonesian girls beheaded,” BBC News, October 29, 2005.
37. “Indonesian militants get jail terms for beheadings,” Reuters, March 21, 2007.
38. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Saudi Arabia,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/saudiarabia.htm
39. Quoted in Martin Edwin Andersen, “For One Diplomat, the High Road Is a Lonely One,” WorldNetDaily, February 11, 2002, 
www.wnd.com.
40. “Saudi Arabia — Amnesty International Report 2001,” 
http://www.web.amnesty.org/web/ar2001.nsf/webmepcountries/SAUDI+ARABIA?Open
41. “Saudi Firm on Church Ban,” Associated Press, March 15, 2003.
42. “Saudi Arabia: No churches unless prophet Mohammed recognised, says expert,” AKI, March 20, 2008.
43. Sahih Muslim, book 19, number 4366.
44. ‘Umdat al-Salik, o11.6.
45. Bukhari, vol. 9, book 84, number 57.
46. ‘Umdat al-Salik, o8.1, o8.4.
47. Robert Spencer, “Death to the Apostates,” FrontPageMagazine.com, October 24, 2006.
48. Sayed Salahuddin, “Man faces death over Christianity,” Reuters, March 19, 2006.

