# 2.32 Christians in the Middle East

> 原文页码: 439-442

49. Afghanistan Constitution, Adopted by Grand Council on January 4, 2004. http://www.servat.unibe.ch/law/icl/af00000_.html
50. Tim Albone, “Anger over Christian convert in Kabul who faces death,” The Times, March 21, 2006.
51. “Sudanese Prisoner Released From Hospital,” Compass Direct News, June 1, 2001.
52. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Morocco, 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/morocco.htm
53. Aid to the Church in Need, “Religious Freedom in the Majority Islamic Countries 1998 Report: Jordan,” 
http://www.alleanzacattolica.org/acs/acs_english/report_98/jordan.htm
54. Robert Hussein, Apostate Son, Najiba Publishing Company, 1998, p. 120.
55. Anh Nga Longva, “The apostasy law in the age of universal human rights and citizenship: Some legal and political 
implications,” The fourth Nordic conference on Middle Eastern Studies: The Middle East in globalizing world, Oslo, 13-16 August 
1998, http://www.hf.uib.no/smi/pao/longva.html.
56. Anh Nga Longva, “The apostasy law in the age of universal human rights and citizenship: Some legal and political 
implications,” The fourth Nordic conference on Middle Eastern Studies: The Middle East in
globalizing world, Oslo, 13-16 August 1998, http://www.hf.uib.no/smi/pao/longva.html.
57. Maggie Michael, “Threats force Egyptian convert to hide,” Associated Press, August 12, 2007.
58. Abdallah Daher, Sarah Pollak & Dale Hurd, “Ex-Muslim on the Run for Conversion,” CBN News, March 27, 2008.
59. “Government paints bull’s-eye on Christians,” WorldNetDaily, February 15, 2008.
60. Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), “Friday Sermons in Saudi Mosques: Review and Analysis,” MEMRI Special 
Report No. 10, September 26, 2002. www.memri.org.
61. Abdullah Yusuf Ali, “On the Injil,” The Meaning of the Holy Qur’an, Amana Publications, 1999, p. 291.
62. Quoted in David Pryce-Jones, The Closed Circle: An Interpretation of the Arabs, Ivan R. Dee, Publisher, 2002, pp. 31-2.
63. Stephen Farrell and Rana Sabbagh Gargour, “‘All my staff at the church have been killed - they disappeared,’” The Times, 
December 23, 2006.
64. Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), “Islamist Leader in London: No Universal Jihad As Long As There is No 
Caliphate,” MEMRI Special Dispatch No. 435, October 30, 2002.
65. Jonathan Adelman and Agota Kuperman, “Christian Exodus from the Middle East,” Foundation for the Defense of 
Democracies, December 19, 2001. Reprinted at: http://www.defenddemocracy.org/publications/publications_show.htm?
doc_id=155713.
66. Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), “Friday Sermons in Saudi Mosques: Review and Analysis,” MEMRI Special 
Report No.
10, September 26, 2002. www.memri.org. This sermon is undated, but it recently appeared on the Saudi website 
www.alminbar.net.
http://45.768.4.830plusf32:Qiokyis489273561938ЛУ
67. Sonia Verma, “First Catholic Church Opens in Qatar, Sparking Fear of Backlash Against Christians,” FoxNews, March 14, 
2008.
68. Carmel Crimmins, “Philippines’ Islamic city proud to be different,” Reuters, March 17, 2008.
69. This sermon is undated. Like the others quoted here, it was posted at the Saudi website Al-Minbar (www.alminbar.net).
70. Etgar Lefkovits, “Expert: ‘Christian groups in PA to disappear,’” Jerusalem Post, December 4, 2007.
71. Amnesty International Report 2007: Egypt. http://thereport.amnesty.org/eng/Regions/Middle-East-and-North-Africa/Egypt
72. “Sectarian tensions flare in Egypt,” BBC News, April 16, 2006.
73. Amnesty International Report 2007: Indonesia. http://thereport.amnesty.org/eng/Regions/Asia-Pacific/Indonesia
74. “We are the Church of Islam,” Interview with the patriarch of Antioch Grégoire III Laham by Gianni Valente, 30 Days, April 
2006.
2.32 Christians in the Middle East
What is the origin and history of Christians in the Middle East?
"...overwhelming majority of Middle East Christians came from nationalities which did not 
convert to Islam after the Arab conquest of the seventh century. " 
What is the situation of Christians in the Middle East today?
Types of Persecutions: 
There are various types of persecutions of Christians in the Middle East. We can sort 
them in two: 
a) Religious persecution of individuals (human rights abuse): This persecution is 
conducted against individuals because of their religious affiliation. In Saudi Arabia and 
Iran, for examples, individuals are punished for displaying crosses or stars of David, 
jailed for praying in public, and in some cases punished by death, for not complying with 
the religious tenants. In these countries, as well as in Egypt and Sudan, converts to 
Christianity are sentenced to death. 
b) Political oppression of religious communities (ethno-religious cleansing): In this case, 
ruling regimes are oppressing entire religious communities on political, security, and 
economic levels. The objectives of such oppression is to reduce the influence of the 
Christian communities, and in certain cases, to reduce it physically. 
The ethno-religious cleansing of Christian peoples in the Middle East alternate between 
military suppression and political oppression. In Egypt, the large Coptic nation is 
systematically discriminated against on the constitutional, political, administrative, and 
cultural levels. Moreover para-military fundamentalist groups are conducting pogroms 
against the Christians, which includes burning Churches and assassinating civilians. 
In Sudan, the stated objective of the ruling regime is to Arabise and Islamise the African 
Christian and Animist population of the south. Particularly since 1992, the Sudanese 
government has been waging a military campaign aimed at dispersing, enslaving, and 
subduing the southern Blacks. 
Last but not least, let us review the third largest Christian community of the region, the 
Lebanese, who are under political and security oppression in their homeland. 
Under occupation by a Moslem power, Syria, the Christian community is systematically 
suppressed by the Syrian-controlled regime in Beirut. 
The smaller Christian groups do no better. In Iraq, for example, the Assyrians are 
another group targeted by the Saddam regime. Growing numbers of Assyrians have been 
assassinated by radical fundamentalist groups. 
Slavery: 
Religious persecution of Christians in the Middle East has reached extreme forms of 
human degradation: In Sudan, abundant reports by international human rights 
organisations have documented the enslavement by the northern fundamentalist forces 
of southern African Christians. According to the reports and experts, there are today 
between 600,000 and one million Black slaves from Sudan, who have either been taken 
to the north of that country to work as domestics or tending farms, or sold in other Arab 
countries. 
The authors of persecution: 
a. The religious persecution and oppression is normally conducted by one religious group 
against other religious group: for Christians, this case has been the case in Egypt, Sudan, 
Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Pakistan. Of course, persecution can also conducted by 
members of one particular group against other members of the same religious group on 
the basis of religious fundamentalism (Algeria, Afghanistan, Iran), or racism (Mauritania), 
but this is not the topic of today's discussion. 
b. Persecution of ethno-religious groups, the Mideast Christians in particular, is conducted 
by legal governments (Egypt, Iran, Lebanon, Syria, Sudan) or by organisations (National 
Islamic Front in Sudan, Front Islamique de Salut, the Hizbollah of Lebanon, etc.) 
- Prof. Walid Phares, before the US Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, Nea East and 
South Asia Subcommittee on "Religious Persecution in the Middle East." Washington DC, 
April 29, 1997 
Iran is now murdering Christian leaders. 
The Reverend Mehdi Dibaj had converted from Islam to Christianity 45 years ago. On 
21/12/93 he was sentenced to death on charges of apostasy. Released on appeal his 
body was found on 5 July 1994. The Reverend Haik Mehr, Superintendent of the Church 
of the Assemblies of God, who had campaigned against Dibaj's death sentence was found 
dead on 20/1/94. On 2 July 1994 the body of the Reverend Tatavous Michaelian, 
Chairman of the Council of Protestant Ministers in Iran was found with several gun shots 
to the head. 
19/7/98 The GIA has claimed responsibility for the death of Berber singer Lounes 
Matoub. "It is common knowledge that the slain Lounes Matoub was among the most 
stubborn enemies of religion and the Mujahideen (Holy warriors)", their statement read. 
How many Christians remain in the Middle East?
a. The largest Christian community of the Middle East is found in Egypt, which has ten to 
twelve million Copts. This Christian group comprises 1/5 to 1/6 of the country's 
population. Egypt is also a major recipient of U.S. foreign aid, despite blatant violations 
of religious freedom which occurs weekly in this country. 
b. The Southern Sudanese are about six million. Christians are the largest monotheist 
group. 
c. The Christians of Lebanon: about 1.5 million still reside there and more than 6 million 
live in the diaspora, including about a quarter of that number in the United States. 
Among the Lebanese Christians, the largest group is the Maronites, which are Catholics 
which follow Rome. Other smaller religious entities include the Melkites and Orthodox 
Christians. 
d. The Assyro-Chaldeans: Around one million in Iraq with large concentrations in the 
Kurdish zone. 
e. The Christians of Syria: About 1.2 million including Aramaics, Armenians, Melkites and 
Orthodox. 
f. There are small but significant Christian communities in other countries such as Iran, 
Jordan, Israel, and less significant in Turkey, Algeria. By law there are no Christians in 
Saudi Arabia. 
What has been the situation for Christians in Israel/Palestine?
In the last census conducted by the British mandatory authorities in 1947, there were 
28,000 Christians in Jerusalem. The census conducted by Israel in 1967 (after the Six 
Day War) showed just 11,000 Christians remaining in the city. This means that some 
17,000 Christians (or 61%) left during the days of King Hussein's rule over Jerusalem. 
Their place was filled by Muslim Arabs from Hebron. 
During the British mandate period, Bethlehem had a Christian majority of 80%. Today, 
under Palestinian rule, it has a Muslim majority of 80%. 
Few Christians remain in the Palestinian-controlled parts of the West Bank. Those who 
can - emigrate, and there will soon be virtually no Christians in the Palestinian Authority 
controlled areas. The Palestinian Authority is trying to conceal the fact of massive 
Christian emigration from areas under its control. 
from PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY PERSECUTION OF CHRISTIANS (Prime Minister's Office ) 
November, 1997 
As a result of unceasing persecution, the Christians are forced to behave like any 
oppressed minority which aims to survive. Christians in PA-controlled areas have taken to 
praying in secret. The wisdom of survival compels them to assess the "balance of fear", 
according to which they have nothing to fear from Israel but face an existential threat 
from the Palestinian Authority and their Muslim neighbours. 
They act accordingly: they seek to "find favour" through unending praise and adulation 
for the Muslim ruler together with public denunciations of the "Zionist entity." 
Middle East Digest - Nov/Dec 1997 
Time magazine (April 23, 1990): "After years of relative harmony, friction between 
Christians and their fellow-Arabs [in the disputed territories] has intensified sharply with 
the rise of Muslim fundamentalism." (Time went on to cite various examples of Muslims 
pressuring Christian Arabs). 
The Jerusalem Post (May 2, 1991): "Muslim activists have been trying to convert 
Bethlehem, home of some of Christianity's holiest sites and once predominantly 
Christian, into a Muslim town. In contrast to the world-wide fuss over the purchase of a 
hostel in Jerusalem's 'Christian Quarter' by Jews, this steady and often violent 
encroachment has met with a thunderous silence in the Christian world. The pattern of 
increased violence has been unmistakable. Last December 21, a school for nuns was 
torched. During the first week in March, there was an attempt to break through the wall 
of the Carmelite monastery, followed by a break-in at a Christian school. On March 3 
vandals desecrated Bethlehem's Greek Orthodox cemetery, removing crosses and 
disinterring and mutilating corpses ..." 
La Terra Sancta (A Vatican publication, dated 1991): "The Christians are abandoning the 
Middle East ... [although] the Jewish presence has alarmed the Arabs ... more than 
anything else, the commercial, cultural and technological contacts of recent years have 
caused a confrontation between Western civilisation and Middle Eastern culture, or, as is 
commonly known, Islamic culture against Judeo-Christian." 
The Jerusalem Post (May 6, 1994): In April 1994, Israel's Hebrew press reported that 
Christian Arabs had accused activists of Arafat's Fatah faction of the PLO of harassing 
Franciscan nuns in the Aida convent near Bethlehem. One nun described as a "reign of 
terror" the behaviour of the activists, who allegedly regularly invaded the convent, 
vandalised graves, destroyed equipment and painted graffiti. 
CNN (December 20, 1995): "Today, Bethlehem is a predominantly Muslim town. At Friday 
prayers, they spill into Manger Square [the traditional site of Jesus' birth], so crowded 
are the mosques. Christians complain they're publicly harassed and harangued for their 
faith. The Christian cemetery has been desecrated and vandalised ... this Christian boy 
said the Muslims are fascists, bad people. Muslim families of 10 and 12 children leave 
smaller Christian families awash in an Islamic sea, afraid they will be overwhelmed by the 
refugee camps and Muslim villages around Bethlehem. Many of the town's Christians are 
afraid to talk openly now." 
The Times (London, December 22, 1997): "Life in [PA-ruled] Bethlehem has become 
insufferable for many members of the dwindling Christian minority. Increasing Muslim-
Christian tensions have left some Christians reluctant to celebrate Christmas in the town 
at the heart of the story of Christ's birth". 
 
What can we do to help these Christians?

