# 2.33 Fighting for their survival - A Christian Exodus from the Arab World

> 原文页码: 443-447

"only a Jewish-Christian alliance will be able to ensure the survival for both the Jews and 
the Christians in the Middle East" 
- Professor Walid Phares, president of the World Lebanese Organisation 
2.33 Fighting for their survival - A Christian Exodus from the Arab World
By Amira El Ahl, Daniel Steinvorth, Volkhard Windfuhr and Bernhard Zand
Violence, terrorism and the Islamists' growing influence pose a threat to Christianity in 
the Middle East. In some countries, members of an unpopular Christian minority are 
already fighting for their survival -- or fleeing for their lives.
In New Baghdad, the driver of a minibus, a Shiite named Ali, set out at 7 a.m. on the last 
Sunday before Christmas. A few hours earlier he had received a call on his mobile phone 
with instructions to pick up five passengers for a long trip outside the city. His first 
passenger, he had been told, would tell him who the other passengers were and what 
their destination would be. He was also told not to mention a word to anyone. 
The first passenger was a 24-year-old man named Raymon, who was sitting on his 
suitcase a few blocks away. He directed Ali through the city's dreary east side, where 
having a Shiite as a driver is a smart move -- first to the Karrada district, where Amir and 
Fariz boarded the bus, and then to Selakh, where Wassim and Qarram were waiting. By 9 
a.m., Ali had picked up all of his passengers and the bus left Baghdad and began 
traveling to the northeast -- for the 350-kilometre (218-mile) journey to Kurdistan, the 
only part of Iraq that is anything close to safe.
The five young men traveling in Ali's red Kia were the last seminary students at the 
Chaldean Catholic Babel College to leave Baghdad. Four priests have been abducted since 
mid-August, and two others were murdered. Father Sami, the director of the seminary, 
was kidnapped in early December. The community managed to raise $75,000 to buy his 
freedom, but after hesitating for weeks, Emmanuel III, the Chaldean patriarch, decided 
to withdraw the teaching institutions of his community from Baghdad. He ordered the 
evacuation of the city's four Catholic churches, the Hurmis monastery and the college in 
the city's Dura neighbourhood, but chose to remain behind in the city as the lonely 
shepherd of a rapidly shrinking congregation.
A history that traces back to the Ottoman Empire 
Present-day Iraq was still part of the Ottoman Empire when Iraq's Catholics opened their 
first priest seminary. They moved it from Mosul to Baghdad 45 years ago and, in 1991, 
untouched by then dictator Saddam Hussein's regime, they founded the Babel College for 
Philosophy and Theology in Dora. It would only exist there for 15 years, a flicker in the 
history of the Chaldean people. "I don't know when or whether we will ever return," says 
Bashar Varda, the man Father Sami has entrusted with running the seminary.
Christians have lived in the Arab world for the past 2,000 years. They were there before 
the Muslims. Their current predicament is not the first crisis they have faced and, 
compared to the massacres of the past, it is certainly not the most severe in Middle 
Eastern Christianity. But in some countries, it could be the last one. Even the pope, in his 
Christmas address, mentioned the "small flock" of the faithful in the Middle East, who he 
said are forced to live with "little light and too much shadow," and demanded that they 
be given more rights.
There are no reliable figures on the size of Christian minorities in the Middle East. This is 
partly attributable to an absence of statistics, and partly to the politically charged nature 
of producing such statistics in the first place. Lebanon's last census was taken 74 years 
ago. Saddam Hussein, a Sunni who is himself part of a minority, was fundamentally 
opposed to compiling denominational statistics. In Egypt the number of Christians 
fluctuates between five and 12 million, depending on who is counting.
Given the lack of hard numbers, demographers must rely on estimates, whereby 
Christians make up about 40 percent of the population in Lebanon, less than 10 percent 
in Egypt and Syria, two to four percent in Jordan and Iraq and less than one percent in 
North Africa. But the major political changes that are currently affecting the Middle East 
have led to shrinking Christian minorities. In East Jerusalem, where half of the population 
was Christian until 1948, the year of the first Arab-Israeli war, less than five percent of 
residents are Christian today. In neighbouring Jordan, the number of Christians was 
reduced by half between the 1967 Six Day War and the 1990s. There were only 500,000 
Christians still living in Iraq until recently, compared to 750,000 after the 1991 Gulf War. 
Wassim, one of the seminary students now fleeing to Kurdistan, estimates that half of 
those remaining Christians have emigrated since the 2003 US invasion, most of them in 
the last six months. 
Greater affluence 
Demographics have accelerated this development. Christians, often better educated and 
more affluent than their Muslim neighbours, have fewer children. Because the wave of 
emigration has been going on for decades, many Middle Eastern Christians now have 
relatives in Europe, North America and Australia who help them emigrate. Their high 
level of education increases their chances of obtaining visas. Those who leave are 
primarily members of the elite: doctors, lawyers and engineers.
But there are deeper-seated reasons behind the most recent exodus: the demise of 
secular movements and the growing influence of political Islam in the Middle East.
It was a Syrian Christian, Michel Aflaq, who founded the nationalist Baath movement in 
1940, a career ladder for Iraqi Christians until 2003 and still a political safe haven for 
many Syrian Christians today. Former Egyptian President Gamal Abd al-Nasser had no 
qualms about paying homage to the Virgin Mary, who supposedly appeared on a church 
roof in a Cairo suburb after Egypt's defeat in its 1967 war with Israel. And former 
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004, insisted on sitting in the first row 
in Bethlehem's Church of the Nativity during the annual Christmas service. 
But those days are gone. The last prominent Christians -- Chaldean Tariq Aziz, Saddam's 
foreign minister for many years, and Hanan Ashrawi, Arafat's education minister -- have 
vanished from the political stage in the Middle East. And since the election victories of the 
Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and Hamas in the Palestinian Authority, the rise of 
Hezbollah in Lebanon and the bloody power struggles between Sunni and Shiite militias 
in Iraq, the illusion that Christian politicians could still play an important role in the Arab 
world is gone once and for all.
Part 2: A history of discrimination
Egypt's Coptic Christians, numbering at least 5 million, are by far the Middle East's 
largest Christian minority. The Coptic Christian Church, which dates back to St. Mark the 
Evangelist, begins its calendar in 284 A.D., the high point of Roman persecution of 
Christians. Its spiritual leader is the 83-year-old Pope Shenouda III.
Coptic activists have been complaining about discrimination at the hands of the Egyptian 
state for years. Yussuf Sidham, editor-in-chief of Watani, a Coptic weekly newspaper, 
says that unlike the 1970s, there is little open violence between Muslims and Christians 
today. "Instead," he continues, "we are now struggling against the sick ideas of Islamic 
fundamentalists. There is an ever-widening gap between liberal and fundamentalist 
forces."
When Egyptians elected a new parliament in 2005, the ruling National Democratic Party 
included only two Copts on its list of 444 candidates -- and today only one cabinet 
member, the finance minister, is a Coptic Christian. Sidham faults the party for promoting 
this way of thinking. "The party says that candidates were elected because of their 
religious affiliation. Copts stand less of a chance. So why put forward Copts as candidates 
in the first place?"
This sort of persecution is nothing new in Egypt. When Napoleon's troops advanced into 
the Nile delta in 1798 and occupied Egypt, they noticed strange customs. Coptic women 
were required to wear one blue and one red shoe. The men were permitted to ride on 
horseback, but only facing backwards. The French quickly realised that the Copts were 
subjects "de troisième classe" -- third-class citizens. Some continue to feel that way 
today. 
When Christians apply for an identification card in Egypt, they are occasionally registered 
as Muslims -- without their knowledge. Once the record is official, it can take up to a 
dozen visits to the relevant government agency to amend the entry.
For decades, obtaining a permit to build a new church in Egypt was a true test of 
patience for Coptic Christians. Under an archaic Egyptian law from the Ottoman days, no 
less than the president's approval was required for a project as insignificant as repairing 
a church roof. Hosni Mubarak, the current president, only abolished the law last year.
Coptic women who work for the government and refuse to wear a headscarf are routinely 
harassed, as are Coptic men who find themselves working for the wrong company. A 31-
year-old employee of a major American software company says that his boss faces daily 
harassment. His problem, says the employee, is not that he is a poor supervisor, but 
simply that he is a Copt.
Life is even more difficult for the estimated 100 Egyptian Muslims who convert to 
Christianity each year. Violence erupted in Alexandria in October 2005 after a play was 
performed about a Copt who regrets his conversion to Islam. A number of Muslim 
demonstrators were killed and a church was damaged. Abandoning one's faith is a 
serious crime in the eyes of most Muslims. But for Christians who want to convert to 
Islam, the government has even introduced a streamlined procedure. About 1,000 Copts 
convert to Islam each year.
Trouble for Lebanon's Maronites 
When Christian missionaries were about to embark on a mission to convert the Saracens, 
St. Francis of Assisi told them: "The Lord says: Behold I send you forth as sheep in the 
midst of wolves. Begin neither quarrels nor disputes." Nothing could be further from the 
thoughts of Nasrallah Sfeir, 86, than to preach about missionary work. Sfeir, the patriarch 
of the Maronites, Lebanon's largest Christian community, faces an entirely different 
problem: His flock is abandoning him.
Sfeir shuns the bustling streets of Beirut, choosing instead to reside in a magnificent 
sandstone palace in the Cedar Mountains, where he lived in the summer during the war 
with Israel. He is still wrestling with the consequences today. Sfeir is both a religious 
leader and a politician. Black limousines are regularly parked in front of his estate, mainly 
those of wealthy Christians seeking the patriarch's religious and political advice.
His visitors enter a long hall lined on both sides with ornamental wooden benches. The 
Maronite patriarch sits beneath a portrait of Pope John Paul II. He looks tired, as an 
advisor whispers into his ear. Then the old man speaks, quietly but clearly and with sharp 
language. He criticises Iran and Syria for abusing Lebanon as a proxy battlefield, and 
Hezbollah for having established, with Iran's help, a state within a state. These things are 
unacceptable, says Sfeir. "We are the smallest and weakest state in the Arab world!"
The patriarch's voice is melancholy as he discusses the consequences of political 
upheaval, especially the growing numbers of Christians now leaving Lebanon. According 
to Maronite church leaders, more than 730,000 emigrated during the Lebanese civil war 
from 1975 to 1990, with another 100,000 abandoning the country this past summer.
According to Sfeir, other Christian denominations, including the Greek Orthodox, Greek 
Catholic and Armenian Christian communities are also dwindling, leading to a decline in 
Christian political influence in Lebanon. "It is unlikely," says Sfeir, "but if Hezbollah were 
to assume power one day, the Christians in this country would emigrate in even greater 
numbers."
If that happened Lebanon, traditionally a safe haven for minorities, would lose one of it 
oldest religious communities. In the ninth century the Maronites, whose name is derived 
from St. Maron, a Syrian monk, fled into the mountains of Lebanon to escape Muslim 
persecution, and in the 12th century they joined the Roman Catholic Church. 
"We even survived the Crusades," says the patriarch. "Now the war is driving people 
away. They are losing hope. But we have also seen the opposite taking place. We have 
had Christian heads of state in Lebanon since the 1940s -- the first time this has 
happened in four centuries -- and our Muslim fellow citizens have had no objections."
Sfeir is referring to Lebanon's fragile proportional system of government, under which the 
president must be a Christian, the prime minister a Sunni and the speaker of parliament 
a Shiite. But the system, put in place in 1943, has long since been rendered obsolete by 
demographics. Sfeir senses that the political balance of power has also changed -- and 
does not favor Christians.
Hope in Syria and Iraq's Turkish Autonomous Zone 
Many Christians currently see a ray of hope in neighbouring Syria. Since the fall of 
Baghdad, the regime in Damascus, isolated by the United States, has taken in many 
thousands of Iraqi refugees. In doing so, it has demonstrated to the West the long-
forgotten merits of the Arab nationalist Baath Party's non-denominational doctrine. 
"Nobody here cares whether we are Sunnis, Shiites or Christians," says Farid Awwad, a 
souvenir vendor who fled Iraq.
Awwad's 12-year-old daughter was killed in an attack on a Chaldean church in Baghdad 
two years ago. "No one can take away our pain," he says. "But at least we can live here, 
where we are treated like brothers."
The number of Christians within the Syrian Baath Party organisation is disproportionately 
high, although most are non-practicing. Their presence in government service, including 
the military and intelligence agencies, is unprecedented in the Arab world. President 
Bashar Assad recently opened a conference of Arab law associations under the motto: 
"The fatherland is for everything, but religion is a matter for God" -- words that would be 
alienating if not impossible in countries with a stronger Islamic influence. In Saudi Arabia, 
for example, which has no Christian minority of its own but employs tens of thousands of 
Christian guest workers from the Indian subcontinent and Africa, Christian church 
services are banned and punishable with severe penalties. Bibles and crucifixes are 
routinely confiscated. The Wahhabite religious police, the Muttawah, have even been 
known to raid private religious services.
Other Gulf states are more liberal, although religious freedom in the Western sense is 
virtually nonexistent in Qatar, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates. The Islamist 
opposition in Damascus, especially the banned Muslim Brotherhood, disparages the 
country's unpopular Christians as "worshippers of a godless regime."
There is only one other region of the Middle East where Christians enjoy freedoms 
comparable to those in Syria: the Kurdish Autonomous Zone in northern Iraq.
Several Christian parties recently introduced an unusual bill in the regional parliament in 
Arbil, the Kurdish capital. They proposed the establishment of a Christian autonomous 
zone in the eastern portion of the Iraqi province of Nineveh, the traditional homeland of 
Assyrian Christians and now partly controlled by Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. Under the 
bill, the Chaldean, Syrian and Assyrian Christian minorities would be granted official 
status under the constitution -- first by the Kurdish regional parliament and then by the 
National Assembly in Baghdad.
The plan, which is everything but Christian folklore, has a good chance of succeeding. 
Units of the 750-member Hamdaniyah Brigade -- a Christian militia that defends its 
churches with the same tactics Sunni and Shiite militias use in central Iraq to defend 
their mosques -- are already patrolling the streets of Bartalla, a fast-growing Christian 
settlement 20 kilometres (12 miles) east of Mosul, the violence-ridden provincial capital. 
Bearded men wielding Kalashnikovs stand guard at a barrier in front of the town's Syrian 
Orthodox Church of the Virgin Mary. Photography is strictly forbidden. 
"What else can we do?" asks Ghanem Gorges, the 43-year-old mayor of Karamlis, a 
Chaldean village a few kilometres south of Bartalla. Armed men, presumably mujahedeen 
from nearby Mosul, forced their way into the village four times this fall. Two weeks ago 
they kidnapped and murdered Shakib Paulus, a 25-year-old crane operator, whose body 
was found on the street in Arbil a few days later.
Anyone wishing to attend services at St. Peter's Cathedral in Arbil must first pass a guard 
carrying an automatic pistol. A huge new building, to be used as a dormitory for the 
Babel College students who fled Baghdad, was dedicated at Christmas on the cathedral 
grounds, which are surrounded by a tall fence.
At this year's Christmas service, Pastor Sisar did not deliver his sermon in Aramaic, the 
old church language of northern Iraq's Christians, as is customary in Arbil. This time the 
mass was held in Arabic, because, like the pastor, the 400 men and women attending the 
service are all from Baghdad.
Sisar ended his sermon with the words "Barakat Allah aleikum" -- "May the blessing of 
the Lord be with you."

