# 2.35 Text book Jihad in Egypt

> 原文页码: 449-450

and encroaching upon his rights,” there is “no blood money for killing an apostate (or any 
expiation)” – in other words, no significant punishment for the killer.
An Afghan named Abdul Rahman knows all this well. In February 2006, he was arrested 
for the crime of leaving Islam for Christianity. The Afghan Constitution stipulates that “no 
law can be contrary to the beliefs and provisions of the sacred religion of Islam.” Even 
after his arrest, Western analysts seem to have had trouble grasping the import of this 
provision. A “human rights expert” quoted by the Times of London summed up confusion 
widespread in Western countries: “The constitution says Islam is the religion of 
Afghanistan, yet it also mentions the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and Article 
18 specifically forbids this kind of recourse. It really highlights the problem the judiciary 
faces.”
But in fact there was contraction. The Constitution may declare its “respect” for the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, but it also says that no law can contradict Islamic 
law. The Constitution’s definition of religious freedom is explicit: “The religion of the state 
of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is the sacred religion of Islam. Followers of other 
religions are free to exercise their faith and perform their religious rites within the 
limits of the provisions of law” [My emphasis].
The Islamic death penalty for apostasy is deeply ingrained in Islamic culture -- which is 
one reason why it was Abdul Rahman’s own family that went to police to file a complaint 
about his conversion. Whatever triggered their action in 2006, they could be confident 
that the police would receive such a complaint with the utmost seriousness.
After an international outcry, Abdul Rahman was eventually spirited out of Afghanistan to 
relative safety in Italy. Despite the publicity, his case was hardly unique.
Source:
http://www.aina.org/reports/mpoc.pdf
2.35 Text book Jihad in Egypt
By Andrew G. Bostom
A "mock beheading" video located at radical Sheikh Abu Hamza's website 
(www.shareeah.org ), which featured three young Muslim boys who pretended to behead 
a fourth[1], has elicited the appropriate public revulsion. But little fanfare, let alone 
outrage, has accompanied the release of a detailed study of Egyptian children's 
textbooks, whose inculcation of anti-infidel hatred is potentially far more damaging[2]. 
For example, explicit sanctioning for jihad-related beheadings is provided in a seemingly 
pedestrian manner:
"Studies in Theology: Tradition and Morals, Grade 11, (2001) pp. 291-92 
...This noble [Qur'anic] Surah [Surat Muhammad]... deals with questions of which the most 
important are as follows: 'Encouraging the faithful to perform jihad in God's cause, to 
behead the infidels, take them prisoner, break their power, and make their souls humble - 
all that in a style which contains the highest examples of urging to fight. You see that in His 
words: "When you meet the unbelievers in the battlefield strike off their heads and, when 
you have laid them low, bind your captives firmly. Then grant them their freedom or take a 
ransom from them, until war shall lay down its burdens.'"
"Commentary on the Surahs of Muhammad, Al-Fath, Al-Hujurat and Qaf, Grade 11, 
(2002) p. 9 
When you meet them in order to fight [them], do not be seized by compassion [towards 
them] but strike the[ir] necks powerfully.... Striking the neck means fighting, because 
killing a person is often done by striking off his head. Thus, it has become an expression for 
killing even if the fighter strikes him elsewhere. This expression contains a harshness and 
emphasis that are not found in the word "kill", because it describes killing in the ugliest 
manner, i.e., cutting the neck and making the organ - the head of the body - fly off [the 
body].' " 
Although chilling to our modern sensibilities, particularly when being taught to children, 
these are merely classical interpretations of the rules for jihad war, based on over a 
millennium of Muslim theology and jurisprudence[3]. And the context of these teachings 
is unambiguous, as the translator makes clear:
"[the] concept of jihad is interpreted in the Egyptian school curriculum almost exclusively 
as a military endeavor? it is war against God's enemies, i.e., the infidels? it is war against 
the homeland's enemies and a means to strengthening the Muslim states in the world. In 
both cases, jihad is encouraged, and those who refrain from participating in it are 
denounced."
Teaching Egyptian school children anti-infidel jihad hatred is clearly a long, ongoing , and 
ignoble tradition even within the modern era. As the scholar E. W. Lane reported after 
several years of residence in both Cairo and Luxor (initially in 1825-1828, then in 1833-
1835):
"I am credibly informed that children in Egypt are often taught at school, a regular set of 
curses to denounce upon the persons and property of Christians, Jews, and all other 
unbelievers in the religion of Mohammad”[4].
Lane translated the prayer below from a contemporary 19th century text Arabic text, 
containing a typical curse on non-Muslims, recited daily by Muslim schoolchildren:
"I seek refuge with God from Satan the accursed. In the name of God, the Compassionate, 
the Merciful. O God, aid El-Islam, and exalt the word of truth, and the faith, by the 
preservation of thy servant and the son of thy servant, the Sultan of the two continents 
(Europe and Asia), and the Khakan (Emperor or monarch) of the two seas [the 
Mediterranean and Black Seas], the Sultan, son of the Sultan (Mahmood) Khan (the 
reigning Sultan when this prayer was composed). O God, assist him, and assist his armies, 
and all the forces of the Muslims: O Lord of the beings of the whole world. O God, destroy 
the infidels and polytheists, thine enemies, the enemies of the religion. O God, make their 
children orphans, and defile their abodes, and cause their feet to slip, and give them and 
their families, and their households and their women and their children and their relations 
by marriage and their brothers and their friends and their possessions and their race and 
their wealth and their lands as booty to the Muslims: O Lord of the beings of the whole 
world." [5]
The seminal modern scholar of Islamic civilisation, S.D. Goitein, warned more than a 
century later, in 1949, speaking of the Arab world generally, in particular Egypt:
"Islamic fanaticism” is now openly encouraged. Writers whose altogether Western style 
(was mentioned earlier) have been vying with each other for some time in compiling books 
on the heroes and virtues of Islam. What has now become possible in educated circles may 

