# 2.39 The ongoing Civil War in Europe – Muslims want autonomous territory, not better integration

> 原文页码: 474-475

is the teaching of Comparative Religion, which we hope will eventually lead to a lessening 
of fanatical fevers, as Islam is seen as but another set of beliefs amongst a host of faiths.
[17] 
Until Warraq’s recommendations are heeded, we can look forward to an endless jihad. 
Sources:
http://www.andrewbostom.org/loj//content/view/24/27/
1. Reuters, “Gunmen hunted "infidel" Westerners”  Sun May 30, 2004 06:30 AM ET, 
http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=520188&section=news
2. i.e., Bernard Lewis, for example, in 1990 http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/90sep/rage.htm 
http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/90sep/rage2.htm; November/December 1998 “License to Kill: Usama bin Ladin's Declaration 
of Jihad”, Foreign Affairs;  2002  http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/2002/01/lewis.htm;      2003 
http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/2003/05/lewis.htm 
3. Quoted by J.M. White, in his introduction to, Lane, E.W. An Account of the Manners and Customs of the Modern Egyptians, 
New York, 1973, p. v.
4. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, p. 276.
5., 6. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, p. 575.
7. Lane, E.W. Modern Egyptians, pp. 554-555.
8. Fellah. “The Situation of the Jews in Tunis, September 1888.”, Ha-Asif (The Harvest) [Hebrew] 6 (Warsaw, 1889), English 
translation in, Bat Ye’or, The Dhimmi- Jews and Christians Under Islam, Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1985, p. 376.
9. Boyce, Mary. A Persian Stronghold of Zoroastrianism (based on the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, 1975), 1977, Oxford.
10. Boyce, M. A Persian Stronghold, p. 139.
11. Boyce, M. A Persian Stronghold, pp. 141-142.
12. Soroudi, Sorour. “The Concept of Jewish Impurity and its Reflection in Persian and Judeo-Persian Traditions” Irano-Judaica 
1994, Vol. III, p. 155 (footnote 33):
13. See Tabandeh, Sultanhussein. A Muslim Commentary on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, translated by F.J. 
Goulding, London, 1970, pp. 17-19. Tabandeh was a Sufi Shi’ite ideologue whose writings had a profound influence on Ayatollah 
Khomeini’s discriminatory policies towards non-Muslims in Iran, as discussed in Sanasarian, Eliz. Religious Minorities in Iran, 
Cambridge, 2000, pp. 24-27.
14. Sahih Bukhari, Volume 3, Book 47, Number 786: Narrated Anas bin Malik: “A Jewess brought a poisoned (cooked) sheep 
for the Prophet who ate from it. She was brought to the Prophet and he was asked, ‘Shall we kill her?’ He said, ‘No.’ I continued 
to see the effect of the poison on the palate of the mouth of Allah's Apostle.”
15. Sanasarian, E. Religious Minorities in Iran, p. 111.
16. Stalinsky, Steven. “Preliminary Overview. - Saudi Arabia's Education System: Curriculum, Spreading Saudi Education to the 
World and the Official Saudi Position on Education Policy,” Middle East Media Research Institute, December 20, 2002.
17. Warraq, Ibn. “A True Islamic Reformation,” FrontPageMagazine.com, May 19, 2003
2.39 The ongoing Civil War in Europe – Muslims want autonomous territory, not 
better integration 
From the desk of The Brussels Journal, 10.2006
Radical Muslims in several of France’s local communities are waging an undeclared 
“intifada” against the police, with violent clashes injuring an average of 14 officers each 
day. As the interior ministry said that nearly 2,500 officers had been wounded this year, a 
police union declared that its members were “in a state of civil war” with Muslims in the 
most depressed “banlieue” estates which are heavily populated by unemployed youths of 
north African origin.
It said the situation was so grave that it had asked the government to provide police with 
armoured cars to protect officers in the estates, which are becoming no-go zones. The 
number of attacks has risen by a third in two years. Police representatives told the 
newspaper Le Figaro that the “taboo” of attacking officers on patrol has been broken 
[also in the Netherlands].
[...] [Michel Thoomis, the secretary general of the Action Police trade union,] said 
yesterday: “We are in a state of civil war, orchestrated by radical Islamists. This is not a 
question of urban violence any more, it is an intifada, with stones and Molotov cocktails. 
You no longer see two or three youths confronting police, you see whole tower blocks 
emptying into the streets to set their ‘comrades’ free when they are arrested.”
 [...] However, Gerard Demarcq, of the largest police unions, Alliance, dismissed talk of 
an “intifada” as representing the views of only a minority. Mr Demarcq said that the 
increased attacks on officers were proof that the policy of “retaking territory” from 
criminal gangs was working.
 
A quote from Paul Belien at The Brussels Journal, 6 November 2005:
To understand what is going on one cannot look at today’s events from a Western 
perspective. One has to think like the “youths” in order to understand them. Not imagine 
oneself in their shoes, but imagine their minds in one’s own head. The important 
question is: how do these insurgents perceive their relationship with society in France?
Unlike their fathers, who came to France from 
Muslim countries, accepting that, whilst remaining 
Muslims themselves, they had come to live in a 
non-Muslim country, the rioters see France as 
their country. They were born here. This land is 
their land. And since they are Muslims, this land, 
or at least a part of it, is Muslim as well. [...] West 
Europeans cannot blame the Muslim “youths” for 
looking at the world the way they do. Europe 
willingly opened the door to the Muslims, not just 
by allowing large-scale immigration on an 
unprecedented level, but also by encouraging the 
newcomers to retain their culture.
[...] Those media that tell us that the rioting “youths” want to be a part of our society 
and feel left out of it, are misrepresenting the facts. As the insurgents see it, they are not 
a part of our society and they want us to keep out of theirs. The violence in France is in 
no way comparable with that of the blacks in the U.S. in the 1960s. The Paris 
correspondent of The New York Times who writes that this a “variant of the same 
problem” is either lying or does not know what he is talking about. The violence in France 
is of the type one finds when one group wants to assert its authority and drive the others 
out of its territory. [...] The Muslims resent the outsiders paternalising them and 
interfering with their way of life in the suburbs of all Western Europe’s major cities. Their 
message is: get out of our way, get out of our territory, and: you act like you think you’re 
the boss but we’ll show you who really is.
A quote from Paul Belien in The American Conservative, 5 December 2005:
It is easy to understand why the “youths” in the suburbs turned so violent when [French 
Interior Minister] Sarkozy tried to establish law and order there. The “youths” have held 
sway there, unchallenged, for decades. If they allow the French authorities to reassert 
their authority, they lose their own power base. Unlike the Western intellectuals, they 
realise that everything boils down to the question of who wields power over a specific 
territory. The police and the gangs fight over whose laws will apply in the neighbourhood: 
the laws of the French Republic or the laws of Eurabia.
[...] Sarkozy, who deployed only policemen in his war, was unable to prevail because he 
did not have the weapons to win a territorial conflict. After two days of rioting, police 
officers warned that they did not have the means to win what they (correctly) described 
as a “civil war.” [...] The poor natives who live in the immigrants’ neighbourhoods know 
better, however. They know that the generals of Eurabia, the leaders of the “youths,” 
drive BMWs and Mercedes (which no-one dares to set alight), and that they use mobile 
phones and PCs to instruct their highly mobile troops. The war in France is not about 
social injustice, but about territory.

