# 2.41 Various forms of Jihad

> 原文页码: 478-483

4. This includes the direct and indirect murder of Europeans committed by Muslims living 
in Europe. There us an average of 10 murders per year, per 100 000 Muslims. Ratio is an 
average 10 murders per 100 000 Muslims annually.
Wherever there is a presence of Muslims, Islamisation occurs 
The ubiquity of the intrusive security measures in our society, security measures 
necessary for one reason and one reason only; to defend us from Islamic criminals and 
terrorists who are here only because Muslims are here. This is the proof that by the very 
fact of admitting large numbers of Muslims into our society, we have already lost our 
freedom to the power and the threat of Islam. And, again, no one ever points out this 
screamingly obvious fact. No one ever says: the reason we now live in a bunkered 
society is that Muslims are among us. If the Muslims hadn't been allowed to come here, 
these suffocating security measures would never have been necessary; if the Muslims 
weren't here, the security measures would instantly become unnecessary.
These Muslim perpetrators view Europe as “dar-al-Harb” (house of war), as taught in the 
Quran. As such, the exploitation and pillaging of European resources and people is the 
divine right of all Muslims. A kafr/infidel is an individual regarded as human garbage to a 
devout Muslim, a second class citizen. The Muslims therefore takes advantage of their 
Allah-given prerogative to rape, kill and steal from Europeans as they view this as the 
spoils of war. 
Make no mistake. These Muslims must be considered as wild animals. Do not blame the 
wild animals but rather the multiculturalist category A and B traitors who allowed these 
animals to enter our lands, and continue to facilitate them. This is nothing less than a 
genocide aided and abetted by our own elites, primarily Marxist, suicidal humanist and 
capitalist globalist politicians and journalists. They will eventually pay the ultimate price 
for their war crimes. Judgment day is coming closer for each and every category A and B 
traitor. No mercy will be shown to them because they know what they have done and 
continue to do.  
2.41 Various forms of Jihad
Islamists cannot wage all out war on Europe and expect to win. But they have a religious 
duty to try to wage Jihad in some way and eventually conquer all countries. There are 
more devious ways to conquer than straightforward war, however. As you can see, many 
of these things are already being done.
As we all know, Jihad means struggle. It is every Muslims duty to contribute to or 
perform Jihad in one way or the other.
Political/Democratic/Apologistic Jihad (Rhetorical/psychological warfare)
Thousands of active Islamic apologetics on all arenas (ranging from internet forums to 
the public debate elsewhere). Their primary goal is to discredit, pacify and silence all 
whom criticise Islam and Demographic Jihad.
Objectives:
1. Terminate European freedom of speech by replacing it with hate-crime bills. 
2. Wage a war of words using charismatic individuals who directly or indirectly promote 
and defend Islam.
3. Engage the European public in dialogues, discussions, and debates in colleges, 
universities, public libraries, radio, TV, churches and mosques on the virtues of Islam. 
Proclaim how it is historically another peaceful religion like Judaism and Christianity with 
the same monotheistic faith. 
4. Nominate Muslim sympathisers to political office to bring about favourable legislation 
toward Islam and support potential sympathisers by block voting.
5. Take control of as much of the press, TV, radio and the Internet as possible by buying 
the related corporations or a controlling stock. 
6. Funding European educational institutions for the purpose of manipulating school 
curriculum. 
7. Yield to the fear of the imminent shut-off of the lifeblood of America – black gold. 
Europe’s economy depends on oil and much of it comes from the Middle East. 
8. Yell ''foul, out-of-context, personal interpretation, hate crime, Zionist, un- American, 
inaccurate interpretation of the Quran (al-Taqiyya)'' anytime Islam is criticised or the 
Quran is analyzed in the public arena. 
9. Encourage Muslims to penetrate the parliament, specifically with Islamists who can 
articulate a marvellous and peaceful picture of Islam. Acquire government positions and 
get membership in local school boards. Train Muslims as medical doctors to dominate the 
medical field, research and pharmaceutical companies. Establish Middle Eastern 
restaurants throughout Europe to connect planners of Islamisation in a discreet way. 
10. Provide very sizable monetary Muslim grants to colleges and universities in Europe to 
establish ''Centers for Islamic studies'' with Muslim directors to promote Islam in higher-
education institutions. 
11. Let the entire world know through propaganda, speeches, seminars, local and 
national media that terrorists have hijacked Islam, when in truth, Islam hijacked the 
terrorists. 
12. Appeal to the historically compassionate and sensitive Westerners for sympathy and 
tolerance towards Muslims in the West who are portrayed as mainly immigrants from 
oppressed countries. 
13. Form riots and demonstrations in the prison system demanding Islamic Sharia as the 
way of life, not the national justice system. 
14. Unify the numerous Muslim lobbies in the EU and around Europe, the UN, mosques, 
Islamic student centers, educational organisations, magazines and papers by Internet 
and an annual convention to coordinate plans, propagate the faith and manipulate news 
in the media. 
15. Applaud Muslims as loyal citizens of the EU by spotlighting their voting record as the 
highest percentage of all minority and ethnic groups in Europe.
16. ”Victimisation” rhetoric as the most potent weapon. This is very obvious in both the 
Palestine struggle but was also apparent in Kosovo where they used the Serb-Kosovo 
issue with the support of western media to win new territories. Both are clever use of 
strategies where victimisation is the key to winning over the media and the sympathy of 
humanist organisations and western politicians in general. 
Demographic Jihad (Demographic warfare)
What is Islamic demographic warfare (“peaceful” Jihad)? I doubt anyone can explain the 
term better than true professionals:
Houari Boumedienne, Algeria’s undisputed ruler until his death in 1978, said it clearly in a 
1974 UN speech:
”One day, millions of men will leave the Southern Hemisphere to go to the Northern 
Hemisphere. And they will not go there as friends, because they will go there to conquer it. 
And they will conquer it with their sons. The wombs of our women will give us victory.”
Libyan Leader Mu'ammar Al-Qadhafi, March, 2007:
There are signs that Allah will grant victory to Islam in Europe without swords, without 
guns, without conquest. We don't need terrorists, we don't need homicide bombers. The 
50+ million Muslims [in Europe] will turn it into a Muslim continent within a few decades.
Breed the non-Muslims out, tactic. The most lethal of all tactics as the democratic West is 
extremely vulnerable to this form of Jihad. Demographic warfare is in line with 
democratic principles which historically have proven to be very successful in tandem with 
other forms of Jihad.
Birth control is efficiently prevented through the teachings of the Quran and the Hadith 
(Sharia). Furthermore, Sharia ensures that no Muslims are allowed to marry non-Muslims 
(without the non-Muslim first converting) 
1. Accelerate Islamic demographic growth via: 
Massive Muslim immigration. Total number of Muslims in Western Europe is now more 
than 25 million, up from 50 000 in 1955 (7,8 million of them living in France, 12% of the 
population) 
Use no birth control whatsoever – every baby of Muslim parents is automatically a 
Muslim and cannot choose another religion later.
2. Muslim men marry European women and Islamises them (Approximately 30,000 
annually in Western Europe). Then divorce them and remarry later. 
Marriage of a Muslim male with a non-Muslim woman is usually acceptable if she is 
Jewish or a Christian. After marriage the male will usually take measures to convert his 
wife to Islam. The husband usually push hard to propagate Islam in regards to the 
upbringing of their children. The children will be Muslims and are given Muslim/Arabic 
names. Violence is usually a part of the picture. If unsuccessful then divorce is the usual 
outcome. 
3. Self imposed segregation through ghettofication. Ghettos develop into Muslim 
enclaves. This ensures a minimal of “negative” influences from the infidels.  
Economical Jihad (Economical warfare)
This varies from direct funding of other variants of Jihad to the ”collection of Jizya” 
through economical theft of exploitation of non-Muslims.
This can be theft, piracy, human trafficking, slave trade of non-Muslim for the purpose of 
benefiting financially from sexual exploitation, drug trafficking, drug dealing to non-
Muslims etc).
The common factor here is that all crime is directed against non-Muslims often with the 
purpose of financing other variants of Jihad. 
Jihadi economical crimes against non-Muslims for the sake of financing other variants of 
Jihad. Very often the economical loss of the non-Muslim will be the goal in itself.
A majority of these criminals are not very intelligent or even practising Muslims. 
Nevertheless, they have very often been given guidance or instructions by other Muslims 
to ONLY target non-Muslims. 
Examples of this type of activity ranges from petty theft aimed against non-Muslims all 
over Europe to Somali piracy targeting non-Muslim ships.
Other objectives:
1. Take control of as much of the press, TV, radio and the Internet as possible by buying 
the related corporations or a controlling stock. 
2. Open numerous charities throughout Europe, but use the funds to support Islamic 
terrorism with European funds. 
PR and psychological Jihad
9/11, 7/7 London Bombings, Madrid bombings, Mumbai attack etc. The purpose of these 
attacks is to act as PR for Salafi Islam and/or for propagating Jihad. The main purpose of 
these attacks is to inflict psychological damage on the enemy and as a recruitment tool 
to other variants of Jihad. 
Other:
1. Send intimidating messages and messengers to the outspoken individuals who are 
critical of Islam with the purpose of silencing them and any other who would dare. 
2. Nullify Europe's sense of security by manipulating the intelligence community with 
misinformation. Periodically terrorise Europeans with reports of impending attacks on 
bridges, tunnels, water supplies, airports, apartment buildings and malls. 
Armed (military) Jihad
These military campaigns often occur very discretely, often through the funding of Muslim 
groups/leaders in various countries, with the primary goal of exterminating the non-
Muslims of that particular country through mass murder, deportation and acts of 
genocide. 
The current Jihad in Sudan is a very good example where 500 000 – 1 million non-
Muslims have been massacred the last few decades, funded by Saudi Arabia and other 
Muslim nations/groups.
The purging of non-Muslims in the Sindh area (Currently Pakistan), Iraq, Jordan, Syria, 
Northern Africa etc are other cases where non-Muslims have been systematically 
exterminated through armed Jihad, pogroms etc. 
Jihad through Dawah (invitation/missionary) 
This ranges from peaceful invites to visit Islamic cultural centers to more aggressive 
invitational campaigns directed against f example people of African decent in the prison 
system.  
1. Convert angry, alienated black inmates (and in some cases native Europeans) and turn 
them into militants (so far 2,000 released inmates have joined al-Qaeda worldwide). Only 
a few ''sleeper cells'' have been captured in Afghanistan and on American soil.
2. Reading, writing, arithmetic and research through the European educational system, 
mosques and student centers (now 1,500) should be sprinkled with dislike of Jews, 
Christians and democracy. There are currently more than 300 exclusively Muslim schools 
in Western Europe which teach loyalty to the Ummah, not the national constitution. In 
January of 2002, Saudi Arabia’s Embassy in Washington mailed 4,500 packets of the 
Quran and videos promoting Islam to America's high schools – free of charge. Saudi 
Arabia would not allow the U.S. to reciprocate. It is unknown how common this practise 
is in Western Europe.
3. Raise interest in Islam on European school campuses by insisting that junior students 
take at least one course on Islam. 
Chemical Jihad (Chemical warfare)
Taliban using Heroin as Chemical Jihad against the West
However, this is not limited to the Taliban. A large majority of Muslim drug 
traffickers/dealers all across Europe only sell to non-Muslims (this is very often 
sanctioned by local Imams).
Making their subjects addicted to heroin is also a central factor when ”processing” non-
Muslim girls for sexual/financial exploitation. Systematic rape followed by injecting them 
with drugs is the usual way to break them down making it easier to exploit them.
From
http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2009/02/chemical-jihad-muslim-terror-gangs-target-uk-with-killer-
heroin.html
TERROR chiefs plan to flood our streets with heroin in a terrifying plot to wage “chemical 
jihad” on Britain. And they have been using hate-filled Muslim gangs as their UK dealers.
Pakistani and Afghan-based al-Qaeda and Taliban warlords are sitting on a £6billion stash 
of deadly heroin.
And they have ordered their dealers to sell it only to non-Muslims.
The ruthless racket is a two-pronged attack which peddles death and misery with heroin 
while netting massive sums to pay for future terror attacks.
A senior security source told the Daily Star Sunday: “The Afghan poppy fields are 
probably the biggest financial contributor to al-Qaeda and the Taliban.
“The UK’s heroin trade is increasing at an alarming rate and most of the cash helps arm 
terrorists with bombs and guns.”
Between 1990 and 2005 Taliban-linked drug peddler Haji Baz Mohammed raked in a 
staggering £17billion by pouring heroin into North America. 
He told a US court that “selling heroin was a jihad because they were taking Americans’ 
money and the heroin was killing them”.
Now the fanatics have made the UK their top target. A whopping 30 tonnes of heroin is 
being smuggled into Britain every year.
The drug is grown in the Afghan badlands and bought for £1,500 a kilo in neighbouring 
Pakistan.
It’s finally sold on Britain’s streets, often in the backs of cabs or over kebab shop 
counters, at between £30 and £50 a gram. 
Asian [Muslim] gangs are operating in South London, Luton, Preston, Manchester, Leeds, 
Oldham, Birmingham and Bradford.
Our investigators went on the hunt for heroin in Luton and did a deal in the back of a 
taxi.
Pulling out a handful of wraps, the driver said: “I’ll sort you a fix for £10 but a gram’s 
£50. It’s knockout gear.” Asked where the drugs came from he said: “Poppy fields 
between Pakistan and Afghanistan. 
“The big bosses have Taliban and al-Qaeda connections and we’re often told only to deal 
it to non-Muslims. They call it chemical jihad and hope to ruin lives while getting massive 
payouts at the same time.
“But there are lots of big-hitters who only sell to non-Muslims – to poison them.”
One of the Asian gangs is the so-called Gambino clan – a 100-strong mob named after 
the notorious US crime family.
A 40-year-old small-time dealer turned Christian told us: “The Gambinos are the 
Pakistani Muslim gang that control most of the drug trade in Luton – and they’ve all got 
good connections to al-Qaeda.

