# 2.42 The Islamisation process in European countries

> 原文页码: 484-487

“Heroin and crack are on sale 24 hours a day and they get local taxi drivers to drive the 
gear around and do deals.
“It’s a massive business. They’re untouchable.”
Source:
http://doctorbulldog.wordpress.com/2009/02/23/taliban-using-heroin-as-chemical-jihad-weapon-against-the-west/  
2.42 The Islamisation process in European countries
 
Background
The Islamic takeover of a country or a region of the country – is dependent on the 
relative proportion of Muslims compared with non-Muslims, and/or the influence of 
militant Muslims among the Muslim population. A higher proportion of Muslims among 
the population - or the growth of the number of militants among Muslims (even though 
Muslims constitute a smaller part of the population), drive the political development 
along a certain path. A successful assimilation process may change that path but there 
seems to be no definite examples yet of such a process.
We need theories that describe (later also explain) the political development in a country 
with a growing Muslim minority (or a growing militancy among the Muslim population) 
and which country doesn't carry out a strategy to oppose Islamisation. A preliminary 
version of a theory (concentrating on parts of the conflict between political (traditional) 
Islam and domestic non-Muslim forces) is presented below. On the basis of that 
description of the political process, we then formulate (sect. 2) the structure of a 
prescriptive theory (a policy model) that can cause this process to be stopped and 
therefore avoided. In sect. 4.1-12, this model is then filled with contents, and an 
integrated policy helping to preserve the traditional rights in a European country is 
described in all its parts and details. 
It is our hope that those detailed policy proposals regarding different areas of life in the 
society will be thoroughly discussed by all interested bloggers at this forum. Perhaps a 
majority view may form about the specific contents of the various individual policies 
(each regarding a different area). The results will later serve as parts of a comprehensive 
policy that can serve as an example for many political parties in Europe which - during 
the coming decades - will find it necessary to formulate their policies regarding how to 
preserve a free society.
By showing an extensive and detailed policy proposal, it may be possible to influence the 
structure of that discussion and set the basic parameters for the debate in hundreds of 
political parties, or organisations, in Europe. 
 
The process and its phases
The basic development process seems to follow a pattern where eight phases can be 
discerned. These phases are described below, but just briefly. Later a more extensive 
description of them will be given. An underlying assumption is that a growing Muslim 
minority allows radical Islamists to influence a growing part of the population in the 
country. The contents of the traditional Islamic doctrine which is recognised by all four 
schools of Islam to be the valid one (various interpretations differ - of course - between 
them), seems to support the interpretations of the radical Islamists regarding many 
matters. That is probably a main reason for the passivity and silence of the so called 
"moderate" Muslims who don't have a comprehensive theoretical doctrine to lean upon. 
Another reason may be that many, or most, "moderates" share the same goals as the 
radical Islamists but just oppose some of their methods. Fear of reprisals can also be a 
cause of their passivity. The radicals also have strong international support, including the 
financial support.
On the basis of our empirical knowledge about the political development in Muslim 
countries, the attitudes regarding many matters of Muslims in Europe and other pieces of 
information e g their reactions during the first five years of the war on terror, a good 
prognosis can be made. During the coming decades, numerous examples from Europe 
will illuminate the different phases and their contents.
a. The starting point is a Western society with a normal development Social peace, 
satisfactory economic growth, ordinary crime levels, and changes in government 
depending on democratic elections. The number of Muslims in the population is very low, 
and their influence on society negligible.
Current examples: Finland, Baltic states.
b. An initial phase when the proportion of Muslims is still fairly small, certain areas of 
human life of the immigrant population are in practice left alone by the authorities. This 
allows repression of girls and women in many Muslim families. Open or concealed honour 
murders which enforce some behavioural rules of the Muslim minority happens now and 
then. A high birth rate among Muslims and a high level of immigration from Muslim 
countries is promoted inside the Muslim society.
Infrequent proposals aiming at establishing Sharia regarding various matters, 
acknowledging Muslim holidays a s o are presented. Another characteristic is increasing 
levels of crime motivated by attitudes often connected to jihad e g an increasing level of 
rapes of non-Muslim women. 
The incidence of rapes carried out by Muslim men in Norway against non-Muslim women 
is many times higher than rapes by non-Muslim men. The rape frequency in e g Oslo per 
capita is said to more than five times higher than in New York City. And two thirds of 
these rapes are committed by immigrants even though they still constitute a rather small 
part of society. This does not only reflect the dysfunctional relations between sexes in the 
Muslim part of society but is also a sign of an early “light-version” example of the 
influence of jihad thinking in the country. Charities, property crimes including credit card 
crimes are used to collect money for global jihad.
Current examples: USA, Sweden, Norway, Denmark.
c. Preparations for jihad: Beginning of geographic no-go areas for the police and public 
administration officials. Frequent physical attacks and even single infrequent murders of 
policemen or persons opposing political Islam. Death threats against adversaries are 
common. An increasing physical destruction of property by groups, influenced by the 
radical imams and the jihadists. 
Besides frequent proposals to introduce Sharia laws, we find established "private” Sharia 
courts in certain areas judging matters of special interest to Muslims. Property crimes of 
various types in order to finance the beginning of a domestic jihad movement. 
Current examples: France; beginning in England, Netherlands, Sweden (Malmø).
d. Start of jihad: Murders of individual policemen or active anti-Muslims with a certain 
frequency, which murders carry an evident political message. An organised countrywide 
Islamist movement appears, and some mosques start to retreat from liberal versions of 
Islam used as a deception during the initial stages ( 1-3). Establishment of definite no-go 
areas where militants put taxes on corporations and individuals. Extortion of individuals 
outside these areas. 
Frequent use of unofficial (or now maybe even official) Sharia courts as a substitute for 
ordinary courts, in the “liberated” areas. Militias start to form among non-Muslim groups 
in society. Nationalistic non-jihad parties grow rapidly in importance in the political life. 
The emigration of European citizens from the country increases significantly. 
Current examples: Beginning in France. 
e. Development of jihad: Frequent murders of policemen, teachers and well-known 
individuals opposing political Islam. Physical fights between groups of Islamists and 
policemen, and even occasional fire fights around and outside the borders of the 
“liberated areas”. Militants start to openly show weapons and declare far-reaching 
political goals e g taking over a region or the whole country. The liberal western versions 
of Islam disappear completely at many mosques when it now is of less interest to 
Islamists to deceive, and radicals put pressure on still moderate mosques.
Militias of non-Muslims groups grow in strength and start to take infrequent part in the 
fighting. A growing physical separation between different religious groups in the society. 
The level of emigration starts to become a national problem. Passive governments and 
passive political parties are replaced by hard-line nationalistic parties. 
Current example: South of Thailand 
f. Jihad: Insurgency Use also of the state's military force against larger groups of 
Islamists in regular military fights. A national Home Guard is organised to try to prevent 
private militias to grow and take over the main responsibility of protecting domestic 
citizens. Campaigns by the Islamic movement to convince media and the population of 
their right to dominate certain areas of the country proclaimed to be Muslim. Constant 
murders and kidnappings of opponents and well-known persons. 
Coercion of Muslim young men to take part in jihad. Regular taxation of people in the 
liberated areas and extortion against citizens outside those areas. Few Muslim groups 
help the government, while some declare neutrality. 
Current example: The Philippines
g. Jihad to Civil war. Large-scale military fights when the domestic forces fight the 
Islamic movement's goal to dominate a geographic region, or the country. Militias and 
the national Home Guard complement the army. Widespread executions, terror, cruelty, 
mayhem and widespread destruction reign in urban areas. Definite separation between 
Muslims and non-Muslims leads to large-scale movements of the population. 
Neighbouring countries will help the European citizens in the specific country with – as a 
last resort – armed assistance. Neighbours or NATO are in some cases asked by the 
government of the country to intervene militarily to help in the fight. 
Example: Lebanon during the seventies – end of eighties.
Victory for European forces (A), or victory for Islam (B)
(A) A possible end result of a civil war resulting in a victory for the domestic population 
will be the total banishment of traditional Islam from a specific country. Widespread 
emigration/deportation and large scale conversion of Muslims in the country. 
(B) A victory for Islam will allow all the rules of a victorious Islam to be applied. 
Traditional Islam will substitute for all liberal western versions of Islam that have grown 
in the country but still lack any real theoretical basis and a real doctrine.
Massive and nationwide expropriations, slavery of conquered women, continued 
slaughter of non-Christians and Christians known for opinions opposed to Islam and of 
moderate Muslims who initially try to protect non-Muslims, murder of minorities’ e g 
gays. A Muslim dictatorship without democracy similar to religious dictatorships in the 
Middle East, is established. 
The Sharia laws are the basis for a new constitution and the laws of the country. The 
institution of dhimmitude is introduced and will regulate the life of Christians and Jews. 
The rest of the population will slowly be eliminated. The GNP declines successively to less 
than 50 % of its former level, and an insignificant growth happen only during good years.
 
A preliminary discussion of a few phases
If the governments of a European country during the coming decades show an 
unwillingness to protect its European citizens from the inroads of Islamists, this attitude 
will sooner or later lead to violent conflicts between the traditional or new political anti-
jihad forces, and the radical Islamic movement. It seems highly possible that the 
development phases 2-3 may last a long time in societies with strong democratic 
traditions, a good educational system and – from the beginning - a fairly homogenous 
ethnic population. The infiltration and dissemination of political Islam's values among 
non-Muslims and moderate Muslims will then during a long period be carried out mainly 
with non-violent means. The methods of this missionary and pre-Revolutionary work 
during phases 2-4 show a pattern which will be analysed later. That work is often 
structured according to principles laid down by e g the Moslem Brotherhood for the 
expansion of political Islam in European countries.
This growth of Islamic influence can be counteracted by certain laws and policies. The 
acceptance of such laws and rules by the majority will probably in many countries be 
dependant on how far a country has advanced towards violent conflict between the 
population groups. Gullible socialists and anti-Western parties in a western country may 
decide not to stop the slide down the slope toward more and more violence. They will 
prevent employment of the firm methods which can stop the journey towards civil war. 
But sooner or later - if the traditional parties will not protect the European population 
against the continuous expansion of radical Islamic demands and actions - the European 
population will shift their political preferences to nationalistic parties. It is a sign of real 
weakness if traditional political parties are not able to handle the new danger correctly. If 
they don't and new political forces get into power, protective measures will be realised in 
those countries. The policy measures will eliminate the possibility of an un-integrated 
Muslim population group to take over and dominate the country politically and religiously.
So it is not so much a question about if the measures in sect 2 and 4 will be adopted. 
The main question is instead w h e n. Will a lot of civil strife - perhaps even an 
insurgency - happen before definite measures are taken? Will a lot of valuable time, a 

