# 2.43 Islamisation process of Western countries from 1% to 100%

> 原文页码: 488-491

large number of lives, and huge amounts of wealth be wasted before today's politicians 
understand what really is happening, or they are exchanged and correct measures are 
taken?
The proposed policies will stop the development towards more and more influence for 
traditional Islam and violence and – in the end – insurgency and perhaps civil war. They 
will lead to Muslims integrating into the society with values that resist traditional - and 
therefore political - Islam. 
An exceptional case is that the phases 4-5 are more or less bypassed and Muslims are 
allowed to grow to become a majority in a country. Feeling its new power, the new 
government will then soon start to take away the freedoms and human rights of non-
Muslims. This breaks the bonds between the citizens of the country, and the original 
population will defend its ancient values of freedom, and an insurgency and later a civil 
war will ensue. However, the government will in this case be favourable towards radical 
Islam, and the army will then be paralyzed. The European officer corps and the non-
commissioned officers have not yet been replaced. Non-Muslims will later according to 
the rules of dhimmitude not be allowed to own weapons, or be part of the armed forces. 
The fighting will be carried out by militias. 
A calm and orderly transformation to dhimmitude for the non-Muslim part of the 
population combined with widespread emigration of Europeans is improbable. So even in 
these circumstances with a Muslim majority, civil war will erupt, and Muslims and non-
Muslims in different European countries will intervene and help each other. 
Each one of the phases above deserves its own detailed description and analysis. 
Source:
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization1.htm
2.43 Islamisation process of Western countries from 1% to 100%
The constant process of the Islamisation of a country sets forward from small issues and 
the specific demands/requirements develop and increase progressively with the increase 
of Muslims percentage wise in a country. First batch of demands issues are noticeable 
already when the Muslim population are at 1% increasing until they become 90 and then 
100%
Historical case studies available are Lebanon, Kosovo, Kashmir, Egypt etc.
When the politically correct (cultural Marxists/multiculturalists) agree to 'the reasonable' 
Muslim demands for their 'religious rights,' they also get the other components under the 
table. Here's how it works (percentages source CIA: The World Fact Book (2007)).
From 1-5%
As long as the Muslim population remains around 1% of any given country they will be 
regarded as a peace-loving minority and not as a threat to anyone. In fact, they may be 
featured in articles and films, stereotyped for their colourful uniqueness:
 
At 2% and 3% they begin to proselytise from other ethnic minorities and disaffected 
groups with major recruiting from the jails and among street gangs:
 
From 5-10%
From 5% on they exercise an inordinate influence in proportion to their percentage of 
the population.
They will push for the introduction of halal (clean by Islamic standards) food, thereby 
securing food preparation jobs for Muslims. They will increase pressure on supermarket 
chains to feature it on their shelves -- along with threats for failure to comply. (United 
States).
 
At this point, they will work to get the ruling government to allow them to rule 
themselves under Sharia, the Islamic Law. The ultimate goal of Islam is not to convert 
the world but to establish Sharia law over the entire world.
From 10-20%
When Muslims reach 10% of the population, they will increase lawlessness as a means of 
complaint about their conditions ( Paris --car-burnings). Any non-Muslim action that 
offends Islam will result in uprisings and threats (Amsterdam - Mohammed cartoons).
Guyana -- Muslim 10%
India -- Muslim 13.4%
Israel -- Muslim 16%
Kenya -- Muslim 10%
Russia -- Muslim 10-15%
After reaching 20% expect hair-trigger rioting, jihad militia formations, sporadic 
killings and church and synagogue burning:
Ethiopia -- Muslim 32.8%
From 40-60%
At 40% you will find widespread massacres, chronic terror attacks and ongoing militia 
warfare:
Bosnia -- Muslim 40%
Chad -- Muslim 53.1%
Lebanon -- Muslim 59.7%
From 60-80%
From 60% you may expect unfettered persecution of non-believers and other religions, 
sporadic ethnic cleansing (genocide), use of Sharia Law as a weapon and Jizya, the tax 
placed on infidels:
Albania -- Muslim 70%
Malaysia -- Muslim 60.4%
Qatar -- Muslim 77.5%
Sudan -- Muslim 70%
From 80-100%
After 80% expect State run ethnic cleansing and genocide:
Bangladesh -- Muslim 83%
Egypt -- Muslim 90%
Gaza -- Muslim 98.7%
Indonesia -- Muslim 86.1%
Iran -- Muslim 98%
Iraq -- Muslim 97%
Jordan -- Muslim 92%
Morocco -- Muslim 98.7%
Pakistan -- Muslim 97%
Palestine -- Muslim 99%
Syria -- Muslim 90%
Tajikistan -- Muslim 90%
Turkey -- Muslim 99.8%
United Arab Emirates -- Muslim 96%
100% will usher in the peace of 'Dar-es-Salaam' -- the Islamic House of Peace -- there's 
supposed to be peace because everybody is a Muslim:
Afghanistan -- Muslim 100%
Saudi Arabia -- Muslim 100%
Somalia -- Muslim 100%
Yemen -- Muslim 99.9%
Of course, that's not the case. To satisfy their blood lust, Muslims then start killing each 
other for a variety of reasons (Arabisation being one reason[1]).
'Before I was nine I had learned the basic canon of Arab life. It was me against my 
brother; me and my brother against our father; my family against my cousins and the 
clan; the clan against the tribe; and the tribe against the world and all of us against the 
infidel. – Leon Uris, 'The Haj'
It is good to remember that in many, many countries, such as France, the Muslim 
populations are centered around ghettos based on their ethnicity. Muslims do not 
integrate into the community at large. Therefore, they exercise more power than their 
national average would indicate.
100% All non-Muslims have been annihilated, emigrated from the country or have 
converted to Islam.
Source:
http://frontpagemagazine.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=4DE15EF9-A76C-4DD4-81E2-75683AEED74D By Dr. Peter Hammond
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabization
The definition of an Islamic no-go zone
Cultural Marxists will claim that there is no such thing as an Islamic no-go zone anywhere 
in the world, perhaps except in Waziristan. This is of course propaganda as we know for a 
fact that there are thousands of Islamic no-go zones all across Europe, in or close to our 
major cities. 
There are more than 800 Islamic no-go zones in France alone and more than 30 in 
Norway. The number correlates with the proportion of Muslims in an area/ghetto/enclave. 
And the number of Islamic no-go zones in Western European cities increases every single 
day.
Definition:
2008.1.
Where non-Muslim individuals (youth are especially 
vulnerable) cannot move freely without immediate danger of getting 
assaulted, robbed, raped, beaten, harassed (physically or 
psychologically) by Muslim gangs or individuals.
2008.2.
Where non-Muslims cannot express individuality in all free 
forms (including religious, sexual, cultural) without immediate 
danger of getting assaulted, robbed, raped, beaten, harassed 
(physically or psychologically) by Muslim gangs or individuals.
2008.3.
Where drunk, lightly dressed, non-Muslim girls/women 
cannot move freely after dark without immediate danger of getting 
assaulted, robbed, raped, beaten, harassed (physically or 
psychologically) by Muslim gangs or individuals.
Islamisation or the creation of Islamic no-go zones is under development from the first 
Muslim family moves into a neighbourhood. As soon as this very first family moves in, a 
progressive dhimmitude begins for all non-Muslims as they, at first, out of politeness (or 
due to PC) chose to show special considerations towards the Muslims (we wouldn’t want 
them to feel offended in any way do we?). Considerations/politeness develops into 
uncomfortable pressure to give the Muslims an increasing number of concessions. The 
process of Islamisation starts with the demands for halal-food (1%) and ends in genocide 
(at 50-80%), as several hundred historical examples have shown. You cannot reason 
with Islam. Islam consumes everything eventually unless it is stopped in a decisive 
manner. The process of Islamisation from 1% to 100% follows a classical and well known 
pre-defined pattern as specified in another section of this book. Had this “first family” 
been deported/chased away/killed the process of Islamisation and the creation of future 
Islamic no-go zones can/could be avoided.  Islamic demands lead to dhimmitude for the 
non-Muslims. Dhimmitude ALWAYS lead to a point where non-Muslims surrender and 
move out of the area or are systematically killed like we see with the 
Christian/Jewish/Hindu/Buddhist minorities in Iraq, Iran, Turkey, Egypt, Bangladesh, 
Indonesia and in more than 30 other countries/territories. The moral of the story is; you 
cannot reason with Islam, you can only isolate it. 

