# 2.44 List of Muslim demands for Sharia in Europe

> 原文页码: 492-494

2.44 List of Muslim demands for Sharia in Europe
2001
If only the West stop criticising Islam, Muslims will not feel stigmatised and there will be no 
more terror attacks. 
2030
If only the UK, Greece, Switzerland and the Nordic countries remove the cross from their 
flags, Muslims will not feel discriminated against and there will be no more terror attacks. 
Realistic scenario? Likely
This is an overview of the current “demands/suggestions” made by moderate Muslims as 
a way to prevent “stigmatisation and discrimination” which according to them are the 
root causes of Islamic terror:
Sharia and Muslim Burial rituals
Muslims have for years demanded separate Muslim burial sites. In addition they want 
Sharia compliant burial services.
- The body has to be buried within 24 hours
- Coffins are not allowed, the body must be buried in cloth. 
- Cremation is forbidden
- Positioning the deceased so that the head is faced towards Mecca 
There was a proposal to alter the name of Aldgate East underground station near Brick 
Lane to Banglatown. Last year (2008), because of a shortage of cemetery space for 
Muslims it was proposed by one Muslim councillor to relocate the graves in Tower 
Hamlets Cemetery elsewhere in order to construct a ”multi-faith burial site” – a Muslim 
burial site.
Why did the graves need to be dug up? Because dead Muslims cannot be buried 
alongside Christians and other infidels. There are some relatives of those buried in that 
cemetery still living. The dead include victims of the famous Bethnal Green tube disaster 
of 1943.
Sharia and Public pools[1]
Includes reserving the pools to women, female lifeguards, swimming hijabs[1] and to 
secure the area so that no men has access. In many cases this will include covering up 
any underwater windows while there is a Muslim swimming session.
Results:
There are currently hundreds of arrangements like these all over Europe.
Sharia car insurance[2] (Halal insurance – known as “takaful”)
Results:
Slowly popping up in European major cities.
Sharia compliant food[3] (Halal food)
Halal meat has been a known phenomenon in Europe for decades. However, some 
McDonald’s outlets now serve halal chicken, while larger branches of Tesco offer a range 
of halal foods, including halal chocolate, halal cheese and halal candy.[1] So far, it has 
targeted the Muslim community through Islamic publications and on billboards.
Chief executive Bradley Brandon-Cross of Tesco said: ‘It is the responsibility of British 
institutions to cater for such changes and welcome diversity.’
Sharia compliant food is also served in many prisons and offered by several air lines. 
Sharia-compliant Gold Mastercard[4]
The Cordoba Gold MasterCard does not charge or receive interest as this is in direct 
conflict with Sharia Law. The company also donates at least 10% of its profits to 
“charities” in the UK and abroad. It is supported by a board of ethical advisor's, some 
being mullahs.
Sharia compliant Banks[5]
The UK's Muslim population totals about two million and fully sharia-compliant banks 
have more than 30,000 customers across the UK.
Sharia compliant Mortgages[6]
Under Islamic law (Sharia) the payment or receipt of interest (riba) is forbidden. Interest 
is seen as a payment that is unrelated to the value of the goods or assets being traded, 
and is considered sinful.
There are tens of Sharia banks across Europe today.
Sharia crime courts in Europe[7]
Sharia law "courts" are already dealing with crime on the streets of major European 
cities. 
One example illustrates the following: 
A teenage stabbing case among the Somali community in Woolwich had been dealt with 
by a sharia "trial". Youth worker Aydarus Yusuf, 29, who was involved in setting up the 
hearing, said a group of Somali youths were arrested by police on suspicion of stabbing 
another Somali teenager. The victim's family told officers the matter would be settled out 
of court and the suspects were released on bail. A hearing was convened and elders 
ordered the assailants to compensate the victim. 
"All their uncles and their fathers were there," said Mr Yusuf. "So they all put something 
towards that and apologised for the wrongdoing."

