# 2.45 Saudi Arabia – The serpents head

> 原文页码: 495-498

An Islamic Council in Leyton also revealed that it had dealt with more than 7,000 
divorces while sharia courts in the capital have settled hundreds of financial disputes. 
Along with the Islamic Council in Leyton, there are reports of at least two other sharia 
courts sitting in London. There are also courts in a number of other areas of the country 
with high Muslim populations, including Dewsbury in West Yorkshire, Birmingham and 
Rotherham, South Yorkshire. Most are understood to concentrate on divorce cases - 
although such judgments are not recognised in British law - as well as financial disputes.
Suhaib Hasan, a spokesman for the Islamic Sharia Council in Leyton, which was set up in 
1982, said that he and his colleagues dealt with more than 200 cases a year, ranging 
from inheritance to marriage and divorce. "From the beginning, people have wanted our 
services. More and more come back to us. Each month we deal with 20 cases," he said.
As well as giving advice on legal matters, such as inheritance, the website also gives 
general guidance on Muslim practices including the need for beards and the need for 
women to cover themselves in public. It also covers issues such as whether women 
should train as doctors.
Sources:
1. http://www.thechronicleherald.ca/Front/1073661.html 
http://misskelly.typepad.com/photos/uncategorized/muslim_swimsuit.jpg
2. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1045959/Sharia-car-insurance-For-time-Muslims-buy-policies-line-Islamic-law.html
3. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1045959/Sharia-car-insurance-For-time-Muslims-buy-policies-line-Islamic-law.html
4. http://www.asianimage.co.uk/display.var.2422427.0.shariacompliant_card_launched.php
5. http://www.asianimage.co.uk/display.var.2422427.0.shariacompliant_card_launched.php
6. http://www.mortgagesorter.co.uk/islamic_mortgages.html
7. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-513020/The-British-sharia-crime-court-cafe-knifemen-walk-free.html
2.45 Saudi Arabia – The serpents head
Saudi Arabia has a history of funding terrorists. It was the chief bankroller of the 
Palestine Liberation Organisation in the 1970s and '80s at the height of the PLO's 
involvement in global terror. But it would be true to say that, worldwide, the Saudis tend 
to fund the precursors to terror rather than terror itself. Since the 9/11 attacks in the US, 
in which the majority of hijackers were Saudis, the Saudi Government, under intense US 
pressure, has tried to exercise greater care and control over where Saudi money goes.
According to official Saudi information, Saudi funds have been used to build and maintain 
over 1,500 mosques, 202 colleges, 210 Islamic Centers (2007 figures) wholly or partly 
financed by Saudi Arabia, and almost 2,000 schools for educating Muslim children in non-
Islamic countries in Europe, North and South America, Australia and Asia. 
The Kingdom has fully or partially financed Wahhabi Islamic Centers in: 
-
Austria
-
Great Britain
-
France
-
Spain
-
Italy
-
Germany
-
Netherlands
-
Belgium
-
Sweden
-
Denmark
-
Norway
-
Switzerland
-
Russia
-
US
-
Australia 
and even in some Muslim countries such as Turkey, Morocco, Indonesia, Malaysia and 
Djibuti among others. 
Its also quite usual that Saudi embassies pay an annual stipend to local Wahabi imams in 
the range of around 1 000-40 000 USD, depending on which country and region. Saudi 
aid to Muslims abroad, however, comes with strings attached, and most of the recipient 
institutions end up promoting the Wahhabi version of Islam.
It is a well known fact that Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries have continued spread 
Wahabism and other harsh forms of Salafism around the world the last 35 years. Saudi 
Arabia alone have spent more than 87 billion USD abroad the past two decades 
propagating Wahabism - “true Islam” in the Muslim world and in the West[15]. The bulk 
of this funding goes to the construction and operating expenses of thousands of 
mosques, madrassas and Muslim cultural centers throughout the world. These Islamic 
institutions are now found in every single country in the West accompanied by Imams 
who are “Saudi approved”.
In the Arab world, in South Asia and in Far East Asia, Islamic workers and Islamic 
institutions have received aid from Saudi sources (usually private individuals and 
foundations) that have slowly embedded Wahhabism in many Muslim societies. 
Before we continue on the Saudi topic, however, let’s try to define certain principles and 
definitions;
There are four “Schools of Law” in Islam: Hanafi, Shafi’I, Maliki and Hanbali. A majority 
of the Wahhabists and other Salafists belong to the Hanbali school. 
The Western establishment and the so called “Western moderate Muslims” have chosen 
to label the Saudi version of “traditional Islam” as Wahhabism, Sunni theofascism or 
Conservative Salafism. The ideology of al-Qaeda can be called Salafi-Jihadi (al-Salafiyya 
al-jihadiyya) or Jihadi Salafism. However, the so called Wahhabis themselves and other 
conservative followers of the Salafi school of Islam object to this definition and rather 
prefer to be called Muwahiddun (Muwahidoon).  
Wahhabism or Wahabism is a fundamentalist reinterpretation of Islam by Muhammad ibn 
Abd-al-Wahhab, an 18th century scholar from what is today known as Saudi Arabia, who 
advocated what he considered a return to the practices of the first three generations of 
Islamic history. In short; Wahhabist books and pamphlets teach that Muslims should 
reject absolutely any non-Muslim ideas and practices, including political ones. In its 
harshest form it preached that Muslims should not only "always oppose" infidels "in every 
way," but "hate them for their religion ... for Allah's sake," and that democracy "is 
responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century.[1]
Wahhabism is the dominant form of Islam in Saudi Arabia, and is also popular in Kuwait, 
United Arab Emirates and several other areas and regions of the world. It is often 
referred to as a "sect" or "branch" of Islam, though both its supporters and many of its 
opponents reject such designations. It has developed considerable influence in the 
Muslim world and the West through the funding of mosques, schools and other means 
from Persian Gulf oil wealth.
The terms "Wahhabism" and "Salafism" are often used interchangeably. Wahhabism has 
been called a "belittling" term for Salafi, while another source defines it as "a particular 
orientation within Salafism," an orientation some consider ultra-conservative.[2]
While the origins of Wahhabism and Salafism were quite distinct - Wahhabism was a 
pared-down Islam that rejected modern influences, while Salafism was slightly more 
flexible on the issue - they both shared a rejection of moderate teachings on Islam in 
favour of direct, ‘traditional’ interpretations. But despite their beginnings "as two distinct 
movements", the migration of Muslim Brotherhood members from Egypt to Saudi Arabia 
and Saudi King Faisal's "embrace of Salafi pan-Islamism resulted in cross-pollination 
between ibn Abd al-Wahhab’s teachings on tawhid, shirk and bid‘ah and Salafi 
interpretations of ahadith (the sayings of Muhammad)."
Salafism differs from the earlier contemporary Islamic revival movements of the 1970s 
and 1980s commonly referred to as Islamism, in that (at least many) Salafis reject not 
only Western ideologies such as Socialism and Capitalism, but also common Western 
concepts like economics, constitutions, political parties, revolution and social justice. 
Muslims should not engage in Western activities like politics, "even by giving them an 
Islamic slant." Instead, Muslims should stick to traditional activities, particularly 
Dawah(missionary activity)[3]. Salafis promote Sharia rather than an Islamic political 
program or state.
From the perspective of the Salafis themselves, their history starts with Prophet 
Muhammad himself. They consider themselves direct followers of his teachings, and wish 
to emulate the piety of the first three generations of Islam (the Salaf). All later scholars 
are merely revivers (not 'founders'). Modern scholars may only come to teach (or 
remind) us of the instructions of the original followers of Islam. From the perspective of 
some others, however, the history of Salafism started a few hundred years ago, the exact 
time and place still being a matter of discussion.
Some Salafis believe that violent jihad is permissible against foreign, non-Muslim, 
occupation, but not against governments that claim to be Islamic. Those governments are 
to be reformed, not violently overthrown. Civil war (fitna) is to be avoided. (Salman al-
Auda) 
Other Salafis believe that it is permissible, even required, for believers to engage in violent 
jihad to overthrow oppressive regimes, even if they claim to be Islamic. One of the 
strongest proponents for violence was Sayyed Qutb, an Egyptian member of the Muslim 
Brotherhood. After the Egyptian Brotherhood assassinated the Egyptian leader, the 
Brotherhood was suppressed and Qutb went to jail.
Some Salafis urge believers to support or endure the state under which they live. Believers 
are encouraged to spread Salafism non-violently, by missionary activity, social work, and 
political organisation. Above all, they should help each other lead lives of true Islamic piety. 
(Rabe' al-Madkhali) 
In recent years attention has been given to the "jihadi" Salafism of Al-Qaeda, and related 
groups calling for the killing of civilians, and opposed by many Muslim groups and 
governments, including the Saudi government and Muslim Brotherhood. Debate 
continues today over the appropriate method of reform, ranging from violent "Salafism 
jihadism" to less politicised evangelism. Despite some similarities, the different 
contemporary self-proclaimed Salafist groups often strongly disapprove of each other and 
deny the others Salafi character. Typically, the so called Wahhabis and Salafis refer to 
themselves as "Muwahiddun (Muwahidoon)" or followers of "Ahle Hadith," or "Ahl at-
Tawheed."
It’s a myriad of definitions which can be quite confusing to the average person. The 
important thing however is to be aware of how the Islamic apologists try to manipulate 
western politicians and media in order to “downplay” the extensiveness that 
Salafism/traditional Islam has in the world. 
Informal networks and salafi activism
In order to understand the role played by Salafism in the process of radicalisation of 
Muslim communities and how this process operates in Europe, one must first examine its 
characteristics as a movement in the Arab world. In contrast to other formal 
organisations, Salafism lacks hierarchical structures. The Salafi network structure is 
decentralised and segmented. The different groups are led by sheikhs or scholars with 
varying degrees of knowledge of the science of the hadiths, but not necessarily having 
ties with each other. There is also some element of competition between the sheikhs, 
each defending his interpretation of the Salaf, or true path, as the correct one. The most 
important scholars enjoy considerable support among students, who often recommend 
them to others on account of their vast knowledge of religious issues. There exists only 
an informal hierarchy based on the reputation of the different sheikhs recognised by the 
Salafi community. The proliferation of sheikhs means that there is no elite or clearly-
defined leadership. This decentralised and cellular structure, in which anyone with 
religious knowledge can claim leadership of a group, explains how easy it has been in 
Europe to create groups or autonomous cells willing to blow themselves up without the 
need for direct orders from a higher authority.
Salafi activism operates through informal networks, the very same networks that have 
ensured the transmission of Islamic knowledge down the centuries and have proven 
extremely effective in creating a common Muslim identity. They mobilise in social 
networks created out of personal relationships and shared beliefs. Surveys of Jordanian 
Salafis reveal that friends played a crucial role in their conversion to Salafism. The 
recruitment process is carried out directly during discussions on Islam. Devout Muslims 
socialise in circles of friends for whom Islam plays an important role in their lives. 
Religion is a recurring theme in such circles. Through daily interaction, Salafis explain 
their theology to their friends until the latter are convinced of the truth of their 
perspective. In many cases, entire groups of friends convert to Salafism, given that all of 
them are exposed to the same lessons, speeches, and ideas. The blend of friendship and 
religious networks creates a high degree of group solidarity, which is still one of the main 
features of Salafi groups in Europe, enabling the network to survive close scrutiny by 
intelligence and security services in western countries.
Islamic apologists and Wahhabism
According to the apologists the “evil and fundamentalist little sect of Islam” - Wahhabism 
is isolated and only found in Saudi Arabia and practiced by al-Qaeda and the Taliban. The 

