# 2.46 How many Muslims worldwide support militant Islam or Jihadi Salafism?

> 原文页码: 499-499

truth however is that various versions of Salafism (Jihadi Salafism being the most 
extreme) is an important factor in every single Muslim country. 
Wahhabism is the dominant form of Islam in Saudi Arabia, and is also popular in Kuwait 
and the United Arab Emirates. Wahhabism is also found in several parts of Somalia, 
Algeria and Mauritania.
A strict version of Salafism (Ahle Hadith) is found in several Middle Eastern countries and 
South Asia, in particular, Pakistan and India.
 
Other forms of Salafism are quite dominant in Palestine, Syria and Jordan. It is also 
found in most other Muslim-majority countries, including Turkey, Bosnia and Kosovo.
2.46 How many Muslims worldwide support militant Islam or Jihadi Salafism? 
This is in fact a very complicated question with many facets. First of all you have to 
consider the fact that there is a big difference between active support, sympathising and 
empathising with this cause. You also have to realise that an armed Jihad (armed 
struggle) always have specific goals. The Jihadists in Dagestan, Chechnya, Southern 
Thailand, Southern Philippines, Syria (Palestine) etc. all want to create Islamic states and 
implement Sharia. In order to reach this objective they must wage war and defeat the 
infidels (non-Muslims). However, al-Qaeda and Jihadists in the West have other 
objectives. They acknowledge the fact that Islam is still very weak in Europe, so an 
armed Jihad in the streets of European capitals is not advised at this point. Islam and the 
number of Muslims need to grow a few more generations. Al-Qaeda therefore seek to 
silence the Western media and Western politicians by creating fear in our hearts in order 
to force them to capitulate to radical Islam. The so called Moderate Muslims are playing 
“good cop” in this context. They will blame poverty, modern colonialism (Israel, Iraq, and 

