# 2.47 Europe's Wahhabi Lobby

> 原文页码: 500-501

Afghanistan), discrimination, stigmatisation and other root causes as the reasons for the 
rise of Jihadi Salafism. They will ask for concessions from European politicians and media 
in order to “prevent” radical Islam.
According to Daniel Pipes[11], approximately 10-15% of Muslims around the world 
actively support militant Islamists (usually economic support to Hamas, Hezbollah, 
Islamic Jihad, al-Qaeda or other terrorist organisations). Since there are more than 1,2 
billion Muslims worldwide that totals 120-180 million. These Muslims are spread all over 
the world and are either militants themselves or direct supporters of militant Islamists. 
The passive support is much higher. Some polls show that around 60-65% of Muslims 
support “Islamic Jihad” and similar Middle Eastern terrorist organisations. 36% of 
Pakistanis believe that the Pakistani army should not pursue al-Qaeda in Pakistan[12].
Sympathy or direct support to Jihadi Salafism is not by any means reserved to Salafi 
Muslims (Wahhabists or other Salafi groups). Muslims from all schools of Islam 
sympathise and support militant Jihadists.  
Nearly all Pakistani Sunni Muslims belong to the Hanafi school of Islam. The Hanafi school 
is the oldest one and most liberal and tolerant of the four schools. It is also the largest 
movement within Islam with around 30% followers worldwide. So does that mean that 
the Hanafi Muslims are peaceful, moderate Muslims? Unfortunately its a lot more 
complex than this. All Schools of Law are quite intolerant (Hanbali being the most 
intolerant). As an illustration; All schools of Islam preach death to homosexuals and 
apostates (converts from Islam) and pledge the ultimate goal of implementing Sharia in 
society.
Hanafi being the dominant form of Islam in both Pakistan and Europe would indicate that 
they were more moderate and tolerant than other Muslims, yet, Muslims from Pakistan 
are well known for their conservativism and intolerance. There are tens of Genocides and 
hundreds of mass murders (see pogroms) recorded in history committed by hanafi 
Muslims. There are thousands of examples of Jihadi killings committed by hanafi Muslims 
throughout history and this trend continues even today. It is the largest one and it is 
followed by approximately 30 percent of Muslims worldwide. The Hanafi School is 
predominant in Turkey, northern Egypt, Levant, and amongst the Muslim communities of 
the Balkans, Central and South Asia, China, Russia and Ukraine. In other words the 
Genocide of more than 1,5 million Christian Armenians, the Greek and Assyrian 
Genocides were also acts of so called moderate “Hanafi” Islam.
2.47 Europe's Wahhabi Lobby
Extremists get together to worry about intolerance. 
by Stephen Schwartz - 10/06/2005, Warsaw 
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN something would be out of kilter. At the end of September, the 
Organisation for Security and Cooperation (OSCE), an international body made up of 55 
nations--including such dictatorships as nearby Belarus--called for a day-long roundtable 
in the lovely and spiritual city of Warsaw. The topic was "Intolerance and Discrimination 
Against Muslims." Aside from OSCE diplomats, staff, and two representatives of the U.S. 
Commission for International Religious Freedom, the participants consisted of some 25 
representatives of Muslim NGOs as well as European and North American human rights 
monitors.
I should have known something was amiss because I have witnessed much OSCE 
mischief since going to postwar Bosnia-Herzegovina and Kosovo in the late 1990s. And 
don't forget that OSCE was the international organisation with the nerve to propose that 
it "observe" the most recent U.S. presidential election for presumptive irregularities. But 
it has an especially bad record in the Balkans, as has been pointed out in The Weekly 
Standard.
The OSCE is, to put it bluntly, political correctness personified. Its agenda for combating 
intolerance and discrimination includes everyone from prostitutes to victims of schoolyard 
bullying. But it was obvious that the status of Islam in Europe, which has lately involved 
bloodshed in several countries, is viewed by OSCEcrats as an intractable challenge. The 
do-gooders had no apparent choice but to relegate the roundtable on Muslims to a place 
outside the regular agenda of a weeklong "human dimension" assembly in Warsaw, and 
to hold the Muslim gathering in the basement of a hotel.
Reliable sources reported that the OSCE's Warsaw conference on Islam came as a trade-
off for a conference on anti-Semitism held in Córdoba, Spain, earlier this year. It was 
soon made clear that the event would serve as little more than a platform for ranters and 
cranks from such countries as Britain and Denmark who were there to defend radical 
Islam. It turns out that proponents of Islamist extremism over there are even more 
aggressive, defiant, and confrontational than their American counterparts.
Thus, a religious functionary from Britain, Imam Dr. Abduljalil Sajid of the grandly (and, 
it appears, falsely) titled Muslim Council for Religious and Racial Harmony, used up much 
of the morning's discussion with loud denunciations of Tony Blair for his alleged assault 
on civil rights in the wake of "7/7." Before that this religious leader, when asked which 
school of Islamic law, or madhdhab, he followed, said, "I shoot all madhdhabs."
Imam Sajid regaled the audience with the many times he had confronted Blair, insisting 
to the British prime minister that Islam and terrorism are completely unconnected from 
one another. He also offered up a diatribe against internment at Guantanamo. In the 
minds of many Muslims at the event, it seemed, the London bombings and the attacks 
that preceded them, as well as the radical ideology that inspired them, are irrelevant; the 
only thing that matters is to push back against the legal response of the British, U.S., and 
other European authorities. 
THE PHRASE "the Fight Against Extremism" was included on the agenda of the meeting, 
but not one word was said about it until the very end, when Turkish diplomat Omur 
Orhun let his voice sink to a near-whisper. He affirmed, in closing the deliberations, that 
the problem of extremism would eventually have to be taken up, "because that is what 
brought us all here." But to listen to many of the other participants one might have 
thought fear of Muslims among non-Muslims in Europe was a purely gratuitous 
expression of bias, or, as Nuzhat Jafri of the Canadian Council of Muslim Women put it, a 
product of "U.S. foreign policy decisions."
When I pointed out to her that Saudi-financed Wahhabi terrorists have struck Turkey, a 
country that opposed U.S. policy in Iraq, as well as Morocco and Indonesia, which have 
nothing to do with Washington's policies, Ms. Jafri limited herself to the admission that 
additional "root causes" exist; these she left undescribed. 
Others were less restrained. Scandinavian countries seem to have experienced a 
particular incapacity to exclude Muslim extremists from their territories. Bashy Quraishy, 
a man who disclaims being religious, averring that he is not a practicing Muslim, seems 
to have adopted the defence of radical Islam as a career move, and is a self-proclaimed 
functionary of the "Federation of Ethnic Minority Organisations in Denmark." Although he 
admits his irreligion and distance from Islam, Quraishy has no compunctions about 
presenting himself as an expert on it.

