# 2.48 Leaving Islam – interview with an ex-Muslim

> 原文页码: 502-510

Quraishy did his best to hog the proceedings. While Imam Sajid asserted the lack of any 
link between Islam and terror, Quraishy demanded that global media be prevented from 
even suggesting such a thing. His printed handouts, piled up on a side table, were 
hallucinatory in tone. To him, "America Under Attack"--a CNN caption after September 
11, 2001--was offensively prejudiced. In addition, Quraishy's handouts insisted, "there 
was no proof, no one took responsibility, and not one particular country or group was 
singled out" for blame in the World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks. There was 
nothing more than "finger pointing" at Islam. 
Quraishy also recycled the late Jude Wanniski's attacks on Richard Perle as the evil 
controller of "uncritical and nationalistic journalism and intentional use of anti-Islam 
terminology as a tool of propaganda." Quraishy reproduced the clichés employed by al 
Qaeda and its supporters: the "Crusades are back," and Saddam in Iraq was nothing but 
a "tiny dictator." Quraishy's pamphlets even asserted that "fundamentalist," "ghetto," and 
"ethnic gangs" are hate terms and should not be used in any media. 
The rest of the palaver was less fervid, but equally absurd. Canadian Muslims complained 
about the effect of the U.S. Patriot Act on their country. As the afternoon wore on, 
phrases such as "so-called terrorists" were increasingly heard. Brit Mohammed Aziz, of 
Faithwise, declared that members of his community are "first responsible to God . . . then 
to the umma," or global Islam, and only lastly to the country in which they live.
All of this came about three months after the horror in London. The meeting ended with 
nothing more than an agreement to hold more meetings. The OSCE it seems, like much 
of Europe, has few answers for the challenge of radical Islam--aside from their pieties 
about discrimination.
Stephen Schwartz is a frequent contributor to The Weekly Standard.
Source:
http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/006/174gxfos.asp
2.48 Leaving Islam – interview with an ex-Muslim
By Mohammad Asghar/Jamie Glazov
 
Frontpage Interview’s guest today is Mohammad Asghar, an ex-Muslim who came out of 
Islam after discovering its true teachings. Together with studying the Qur’an for over 
twenty-five years, he has also been writing his commentary on its verses - an endeavor, 
he hopes, that will help non-Muslim leaders, as well as ordinary citizens, understand the 
true messages they convey to Muslims.
FP: Mohammad Asghar, welcome to Frontpage Interview. 
Asghar: Thank you for inviting me to the Frontpage interview. 
FP: Tell us about your background and your upbringing as a Muslim. 
Asghar: I was born in a practicing Muslim family of Bangladesh. My parents adhered to 
almost all the tenets of Islam and they made sure that while growing up, I also learned 
all of them so that I could practice them in my own life. Like many other Muslim children 
of my neighbourhood, I also attended a Madrassa and learned how to read the Qur’an 
without, of course, understanding what I was reading. 
In my youth, I tried to live the life of a true Muslim. I said my Islamically mandated 
prayers, though not on a regular basis; visited, and prayed at, the tombs of the Muslim 
saints; celebrated the birthday of the Prophet of Islam, even though nobody knows even 
today the year of his birth; celebrated his ascension to the Gardens (Jannat) or Heaven 
and sang his praises, laden with amorous feelings towards him, whenever my parents 
and our neighbours organised Mehfil-e-Milad – which is a gathering that Muslims of the 
Indian sub-continent arrange to reinforce Islamic teachings in the Muslim attendees. I 
strongly believed that the things I was then doing were part of the duties I owed to Allah 
and His Prophet and that without pleasing both of them, I would not enter the Garden on 
the Day of Judgment. 
FP: What is the point of teaching children to read the Qur’an without explaining it to 
them? 
Asghar: According to some unconfirmed reports, there are over 1.565 billion Muslims in 
the world today. Out of these Muslims, only about 300 million understand and speak 
Arabic. Since a good part of the Qur’an is written in colloquial Arabic, spoken by the tribe 
of Quraish of the 7th century Mecca, understanding it even by many modern-day Arabic 
speaking Muslims is not an easy task. 
The bulk of the remaining 1.2 billion Muslims live in the Indian sub-continent and south-
east Asia. Almost all of them do not know Arabic. Even those people, known as Hafez-e-
Qur’an, who commit the whole Qur’an to their memory, do not understand the meaning 
of the words they so assiduously memorise over a long period of time. 
This being the reality, the question is why do Muslims read or memorise the Qur’an 
without understanding it? The answer to the question lies in the fact that most of them, 
especially those Muslims who live in the non-Arabic speaking countries, depend on their 
Mullahs for learning the essential doctrines and practices of their faith. They do what they 
are told by their Mullahs. This is more so in case of those Muslims who are illiterate and 
poor. A casual observation of Muslims of the Indian sub-continent will make this fact clear 
to any interested observer. 
These Mullahs tell the ordinary Muslims that reading or reciting the Qur’an in Arabic is 
the easiest way to earn the pleasure of Allah, a condition without fulfilling which, no 
human or Jinn would enter the Garden (Jannat in Arabic) on the Day of Judgment. This 
leads not only the illiterate and poor Muslims, but also the highly educated and rich 
Muslims to read the Qur’an in Arabic without trying to understand what they are reading 
or reciting in their prayer. These Muslims, in their turn, require their children to read and 
also memorise a few short chapters of the Qur’an that they need to recite while saying 
their daily obligatory prayers. 
FP: This is mind-boggling: people engaging in a religion by repeating things they do not 
themselves understand. 
So what made you start questioning the Islamic faith? 
Asghar: About 25 years ago, I got the jolt of my life when a Maulvi (Muslim cleric) 
refused to let me lay the dead body of my mother to rest, as, according to him, the dress 
I was wearing at the time, was not an Islamic one. This dress is known as Lungi to the 
Bangladeshis, and it resembles the one the Malaysian and the Burmese men wear all the 
time (unlike the trouser, its lower part is wide open, and as such, one can see the 
wearer’s private parts, if one deigns to look upward from the earth).
FP: Why do people wear the Lungi and why would a person want to keep one’s private 
parts exposed? Why were you wearing it? 
Aghar: Lungi, like Saree for women, is a traditional dress and it is worn by almost all the 
men of Bangladesh. With it, they cover the lower part of their bodies. Since the lungi’s 
bottom part remains wide open, many Muslim Mullahs believe that it should not be worn 
by Muslim men, as, through its opening, the earth can see their private parts. According 
to them, exposing oneself to the earth is a great sin. 
But I have not heard any Mullah saying the same thing about Saree. It is a long piece of 
cloth, which women wrap around their waists; its bottom part, like lungi, remaining open. 
The earth can easily see their private parts, if it wishes to do so, but surprisingly, the 
Mullahs freely let their wives wear it for reasons that only they know. 
FP: Um, right. Well, what can I say, perhaps we’ll save this topic for a panel discussion. 
So in any case, what effect did the Lungi incident have on you? 
Aghar: It led me to find out what Islam really stands for, and what the Qur’an actually 
teaches its followers. I began to read the Qur’an in English, translated by Abdullah Yusuf 
Ali and Mohammad Marmaduke Pickthall, as well as its translations in Bengali and Urdu. 
This I did in order to make sure that what I was reading in English was identical with the 
Bengali and Urdu translations and that these represented the correct and faithful 
renditions of the Arabic Qur’an. 
What I read in, and discovered from, the Qur’an was, and still remains, mind-boggling to 
me. I could not believe that Allah, if He exists, could have said things that He is believed 
to have told Muhammad and his followers. I could not believe, for instance, that the 
Creator of the Universe could have told the Muslim men the following: 
2:223: “Your wives are as a tilth unto you: so approach your tilth when or how ye will: but 
do some good act for your souls beforehand; and fear Allah, and know that ye are to meet 
Him (in the Hereafter) and give (these) good tidings to those who believe.” 
By telling the Muslim men that they can engage their wives in sexual acts “when or how 
ye will,” Allah effectively permitted them to rape their wives, for this verse of the Qur’an 
does not require them either to obtain their wives’ consent, or to engage themselves in 
foreplays, without which, both men and women can hardly have what is known as 
consensual sex. To Allah, Muslim men doing “some good act for their souls beforehand” 
i.e. saying prayer to Him before raping their wives is what He considered to be a pious 
act that will help Him exonerate them from the crime of rape on the Day of Judgment. 
FP: In terms of 2:223 in regards to the sanctioning for a man raping his wife, if God does 
not instruct this, then where did this come from? Who created these verses and why? 
Aghar: In my judgment, the Qur’an is a record of what the Prophet of Islam had done or 
said during his stay on earth. His followers remembered and narrated them to the 
collectors of the Qur’an when it was being compiled. Therefore, the content of verse 
2:223 should be considered in conjunction with what he had done in his lifetime and 
what he had told his followers on the issue mentioned in it. 
In a storied Hadith (words of Muhammad), we read: 
Sahih Muslim, Book 008, Number 3240: 
“Jabir reported that Allah's Messenger (may peace be upon him) saw a woman, and so he 
came to his wife, Zainab, as she was tanning a leather and had sexual intercourse with her. 
He then went to his Companions and told them: The woman advances and retires in the 
shape of a devil, so when one of you sees a woman, he should come to his wife, for that 
will repel what he feels in his heart.”
What the Prophet had done to his unprepared wife is exactly what is stated in the above 
verse i.e. Muslim men can have sex with their women with no notice to them, and they 
can also rape them, if it makes them happy.
FP: So you left Islam? 
Asghar: Yes. I am an ex-Muslim. I no more subscribe to the teachings and the doctrines 
of Islam, as I consider them to be obnoxious and, thus, unfit for good humans. 
FP: How did your family and community react to you leaving Islam? Has your life been in 
danger? 
Asghar: I told my family members what I found in the Qur’an and they agreed with me. 
But it was a different story with the community I was living in; to it, I was a pariah. Most 
of my friends and acquaintances stopped talking to me, fearing that the information I 
was trying to disseminate was going to take them out of their religion, while others 
issued veiled threat against my person. Realising that I might be harmed, if I continued 
to live in the country of my birth and talk about the fallacies of Islam, I, along with my 
family members, migrated to the United States. 
Here I feel safe, even though I have already received a couple of threats against my life. 
The Justice Department of my adoptive country has assured me of all help, should I feel 
that my life is at risk. My family members and I are obliged to it for standing by our side. 
 
FP: Your thoughts on Islam’s impact on Muslims and on non-Muslims? 
Asghar: Muslims themselves are the victims of Islam. Many of them have knowingly 
become its victims, whilst a vast majority of them have fallen into its trap without 
knowing anything about its true nature and teachings. Islam has turned them into 
robots; most Muslims do only what, they believe, Allah told them to do. This is evident 
from the fact that most, if not all, Muslims do nothing in their lives without first saying 
“Bismillah …” i.e. beginning everything in Allah’s name, without whose help, so they 
believe, they can achieve nothing in their lives. 
Since Allah has asked the Muslims to believe in the Unseen and to remain steadfast in 
their prayer (the Qur’an; 2:2), most of them spend a colossal amount of their valuable 
time on prayer to Him. Believing that mustering the teachings of the Qur’an is what they 
needed in their lives, they helped produce in the past, and are still helping produce, a 
large number of Islamic clerics, instead of good scientists and scholars of other subjects 
that are essential for the good, and the survival, of mankind. The following statistics 
throws a light on the state of the ‘man-given knowledge’ in the Muslim world: 
There are 57 member-countries of the Organisation of Islamic Conference (OIC), and all 
of them put together have around 500 universities; one university for every three million 
Muslims. The United States has 5,758 universities and India has 8,407. In 2004, 
Shanghai Jiao Tong University compiled an 'Academic Ranking of World Universities, and 
intriguingly, not one university from the Muslim-majority states was in the top-500. 
This clearly tells us that the Muslims lack in education; this being the result of their 
Islamic beliefs, as a consequence of which, over the past 105 years, only three Nobel 
Prizes have been won by about 1.4 billion Muslims (other than the Peace Prizes), while 
approximately 14 million Jews have won 180 Nobel Prizes during the same period. 
 
FP: What is behind this teaching about keeping everyone praying all the time? If this 
isn’t God wanting it, and let us suppose this is man-made, what was the intention here? 
Why teach this kind of stuff? 
Aghar: Before the advent of Islam, the Pagans of the Arabian Peninsula prayed three 
times each day; about sunrise, at noon and about sunset, turning their faces towards the 
Ka’aba (Washington Irving, Mahomet & his Associates, p. 31). Muhammad retained this 
pagan ritual in Islam and, in some unguarded moments, he told his followers to pray 
twice, thrice or four times in a day. Since the norms to be followed while saying these 
prayers were well known to his followers, he did not mention them in the Qur’an. For 
want of clarity on the number of prayers that Muslims must offer everyday to Allah, 
Sunnis believe it to be five; Shias, by and large, consider it to be three (Dr. Rafiq 
Zakaria; Muhammad and the Quran, p. 74).
The Prophet of Islam, retained daily prayers in Islam for a specific reason: being militarily 
and economically weak, he needed to tell the Pagans of Mecca that the religion he was 
preaching was not drastically different from the one they themselves were practicing and, 
as such, they should accept it without resistance. He continued to follow his policy of 
appeasement even after his arrival in Medina, where the Jews vehemently opposed most 
of the precepts of his religion. In order to win them over, he changed the direction of the 
Muslim prayer from Ka’aba in Mecca to Jerusalem. When the Jews refused to budge, he 
expressed his mild displeasure by asking his followers to face Ka’aba at the time of 
saying their prayer.
The Muslim prayer achieved a new dimension, and importance as well, after Muslim 
rulers embarked upon conquering others’ lands. Once miserably poor and destitute, neo-
Muslims from the desert of Arabia found themselves dazzled by the wealth and affluence 
of the countries they were able to conquer and plunder just a few years after the death 
of Muhammad. The fair and beautiful women of the conquered countries was another 
reason that induced them to fight valiantly against their foes. 
Al-Baladhuri, the most judicious of the historians of the {Muslim} conquest, declares that 
in recruiting for the Syrian campaign Abu Bakr “wrote to the people of Makkah, al-Taif, al-
Yaman and all the Arabs of Najd and al-Hijaz summoning them to a ‘holy war’ and 
arousing their desire for it and for the booty to be got from the Greeks {booty consisted 
of all things captured from the vanquished as well as their women}. Rustam, the Persian 
general who defended his country against the Arab invasion, made the following remark 
to the Muslim envoy: “I have learned that ye were forced to what ye are doing by 
nothing but the narrow means of livelihood and by poverty.” A verse in the Hamasah of 
abu-Tammam has put the case tersely:
No, not for Paradise didst thou the nomad life forsake; 
Rather, I believe, it was thy yearning after bread and dates. 
(Quoted from Phillip K. Hitti’s History of the Arabs, p. 144).
But as the time passed and the lust to procure more wealth and women became very 
acute in the soldiers of Allah, Muslim rulers became worried, and feared loss of control 
over them, if they took no action to check their overflowing passion. Finding a solution to 
their problem in prayer, they raised its number to five; prescribed recitation from the 
Qur’an as well as various movements and gestures in order to prevent their minds from 
thinking about the non-Muslims’ wealth and women for a number of hours of each day. 
This was like the indoctrination that the dictators of our time have used to keep their 
military under control. Muslim rulers succeeded in their attempt and eventually, the daily 
five prayers became an integral part of the Muslims’ lives. In the hope of pleasing Allah, 
they not only waste a colossal amount of their valuable time, they also put off their 
important duties in order to perform their prayers, thereby greatly harming their own and 
their nations’ economic well being. The sooner Muslims realise this fact the better it 
would be for them as well as for the rest of the world. 
 
FP: A large part of the Muslim world is also engulfed by poverty. This also has something 
to do with Islamic theology, right? 
Aghar: Of course. Poverty is a virtue for Muslims. Most of them believe that they get 
what Allah gives them. Therefore, in contrast to other people and nations that have 
struggled hard to ameliorate their economic conditions, and then became wealthy, most 
Muslims deemed it appropriate, due to their religious convictions, to keep on inflicting 
poverty upon themselves. Indeed, many Muslim nations bartered away their self-esteem, 
political independence, and sovereignty to please those benefactors whose charity they 
needed for their economic survival. 
But without taking responsibility for their own failures and follies, they blame the affluent 
and wealthy non-Muslims and the non-Muslim nations for all the ills they suffer from 
today; these, they contend, having been inflicted upon them mostly by the unjust and 
treacherous Christians. The Qur’an bolsters the Muslims’ hatred towards the Christians by 
telling them that Allah gives them wealth not for attaining prosperity on earth, but to 
punish them in their next life. (cf. the Qur’an; 10:69 & 70). 
Inspired by this and similar teachings of the Qur’an, Muslims not only hate those non-
Muslims who are rich, they also look forward, albeit, silently to the day when they will be 
able to obliterate Christianity, and other religions as well, from the face of the earth. 
 
FP: This is founded on the war that Islam teaches Muslims must wage on unbelievers. 
Aghar: Yes. As we all know, Islam has divided the earth into two camps: Darul Islam 
and Darul Harb i.e. the Muslim world and the non-Muslim world. Since the Muslims are 
Allah’s foot soldiers and they are required to fulfill His plan, as it is enunciated in the 
Qur’an, for earth and mankind, the Muslims must not only recover the land that the non-
Muslims occupy today, they are also required to force them into Islam or kill them, if they 
refuse to become Muslims (see the Qur’an; 9:29). It is, in fact, “a notable declaration of 
State policy promulgated {by Allah} about the month of Shawwal. A. H. 9, and read out 
by Hadhrat Ali at the Pilgrimage two months later in order to give the policy the widest 
publicity possible. …” (Abdullah Yusuf Ali, The Holy Quran, as corrected by the King of 
Saudi Arabia, p. 494). 
This teaching of the Qur’an effectively and automatically turns the Muslims against the 
Christians; the former having also been told by it not to take the latter as their friends or 
protectors, as they (the Christians) and the Jews are friends of each other and, thus, 
both of them are in collusion against the Muslim Umma (Nation) and their religion. 
Apart from the Jews and the Christians, the Muslims also hate the Pagans {Mushrikun in 
Arabic) from the core of their hearts, as they, according to the Qur’an, are unclean (see 
the Qur’an; 9:28), and, thus, unworthy of living on Allah’s earth. Therefore, the Muslims 
must kill them whenever they get the chance to fulfill the instruction Allah gave them 
through the Qur’an (see verse 9:5). This is a very dangerous instruction, and it is not at 
all good for those inhabitants of the earth, who worship deities other than Him. 
This and other truths about Islam, therefore, must be brought to the notice of the non-
Muslim communities of the world in order to prepare them against the deadly hazards 
that Islam is likely to put them in, when its followers becomes, in future, a dominant 
force on earth. Paying keen attention to what is written in the Qur’an is not only in the 
best interest of the present-day non-Muslims of the world, it would also help them 
protect their descendants from the Allah-inspired wrath of the Muslims in days to come. 
 
FP: Are you optimistic and pessimistic in the West being able to confront the Islamic 
agenda? 
Asghar: I am saddened by the fact that the West has not learned anything from the 
Qur’an, the history of Islam and from its adherents. The following examples describe 
Muslims’ mindset and what Allah wants them to do for taking over the earth from the 
Jews, Christians, Buddhists, Polytheists and the followers of other religions: 
1.
Muhammad came to Medina as a fugitive from Mecca and within ten years, he became its 
absolute ruler after killing and uprooting the Jews of the city and by converting the Pagans 
to his faith. By his action, he taught his followers that it is the number of Muslims that 
matters and that it is their number that will help them establish their rule over the whole of 
the earth. Had he known that a time will come when number of men will be replaced by 
gun, he would have advised his followers to arm themselves with it first and then rampage 
the whole world. 
2.
Abyssinia, a Christian country in the seventh century, was the first country to give shelter 
to Muslims of Mecca. When Muslims became numerous and strong, they forgot the favor its 
Christian ruler had done to them and took it over as their possession and converted its 
Christian inhabitants to Islam. They also conquered almost one-third of the earth and 
would also have overrun the whole of Europe, had they not been defeated by the Christians 
at the gates of Vienna in 1683.
3.
Allah has promised to Muslims that He will make them the inheritors and the rulers of the 
earth and also help them establish Islam all over it (the Quran; 24:55,57). To achieve 
these objectives, He has commanded them to engage in battles with those who refused to 
accept Islam; to smite their necks, and after overpowering them, to take them prisoners, 
whom they may either set free as a favor to them or ransom them for money after the 
hostility is over (the Quran; 47:4). 
Instead of taking lessons from the past history of Muslims, most leaders and the people 
of the West believe that Islam is a religion of peace and its followers are as good as they 
appear to them. Many of them took no lesson even after seeing the destructions and 
deaths some Muslims inflicted on New York and Washington, D.C; they laud Islam’s good 
teachings even after knowing that a film director lost his life to a Muslim fanatic for the 
crime of making a supposedly anti-Islam film. They also praise the so-called tolerance 
that Islam teaches its adherents even after being informed that an American publisher 
refused to publish a book that contains an account of Prophet Muhammad’s wife after 
receiving threats of dire consequences from Muslims, if it published the book.
Many leaders of the West and its citizenry brushed off the president of Iran after he 
called for the complete annihilation of Israel, saying that he was a mad man. In reality, it 
was not his madness that had made him call for Israel’s destruction; rather, it was his 
hatred of the Jews that made him say what he believes Allah wants him to say and do to 
destroy them and their state. 
How Muslims intend to destroy Israel and also, how they are going to take over the earth 
from the followers of other religions, when they do not have the necessary wherewithal 
to achieve their objectives? Here are the answers to the questions: 
-Iranian and other Muslims will continue with their efforts to acquire deadly weapons, 
which they will need in days to come to destroy Israel – a desire that Dr. Mahathir, the 
former prime minister of Malaysia, had clearly expressed in his speech before the Muslim 
delegates to the OIC Summit, held in his country in 2003, saying:
“…It cannot be that there is no other way. 1.3 billion Muslims cannot be defeated by a few 
million Jews. There must be a way. And we can only find a way if we stop to think, to 
assess our weaknesses and our strength, to plan, to strategise and then to counter-attack. 
As Muslims we must seek guidance from the Al-Quran and the Sunnah of the Prophet. 
Surely the 23 years’ struggle of the Prophet can provide us with some guidance as to what 
we can and should do. … We must build up our strength in every field, not just in armed 
might. Our countries must be stable and well administered, must be economically and 
financially strong, industrially competent and technologically advanced. This will take time, 
but it can be done and it will be time well spent. We are enjoined by our religion to be 
patient. Innallahamaasabirin. Obviously there is virtue in being patient.” 
While preparing themselves to attack the Jews, Muslims are gradually taking up 
residence in the affluent countries of the West, with two main objectives in their minds. 
The first one is to earn money and the second is to sow the seed of Islam among the 
people of their host countries. Together with converting criminals and disgruntled folks to 
their faith, they also seek to increase their own number by having as many children as 
their women can produce. In cases where they have no women of their own to produce 
children for them, they trap the Western women and, after converting them to Islam, 
they produce their desired number of children with them. 
After their number, in this way, has become large and politically powerful, they will seek 
autonomy, or demand complete independence for those regions of their host countries in 
which they will be living. This has already happened to India, and it is happening right 
now to the Philippines, Thailand and China. 
What is likely to happen to the West, if it continues to follow its present policy of ‘political 
correctness’ and apathy towards the hostile teachings of Islam, the American Historian 
and Philosopher Will Durant (1885-1981) has described it for us in the following words: 
"The Islamic conquest of India is probably the bloodiest story in history. It is a discouraging 
tale, for its evident moral is that civilisation is a precious good, whose delicate complex of 
order and freedom, culture and peace, can at any moment be overthrown by barbarians 
invading from without or multiplying within." 
FP: What advice do you give the West?
Aghar: Knowing that what Will Durant has said is true, I suggest that the West must 
take the following steps to counter the threat that Muslims pose to its independence, and 
to its people’s ways of life without further delay: 
•
It must curtail the inflow of Muslims to its territory and should allow only those Muslims to 
come to its shore who are willing to adapt themselves to the secular lifestyle of its citizens. 
•
It must not permit Muslims to build more mosques and religious seminaries on its soil, as 
these are the institutions where Islamic Fundamentalism breeds and where the minds of 
young Muslim children and youths are poisoned against the Jews, Christians and the 
followers of other religions by the Islamic clerics. 
•
The West must monitor the mosques to find out what the Muslim Imams say in their Friday 
sermons together with watching what the Muslim children are taught in their religious 
seminaries. Any Imam or religious teacher, who might be found delivering hateful sermons 
or imparting hateful lessons to his or her students, must be vigorously persecuted and 
punished. 
•
Together with fighting the Muslim terrorists in places, like Iraq, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, 
the West must also ask the governments of all the Muslim countries to stop their religious 
teachers from teaching hateful lessons to their students. It must not hesitate to use its 
political and economic powers on the Muslim governments, if they refuse to comply with its 
request. 
The West has no option, but to succeed with the Muslim countries, if it wants to contain 
the Muslim threat against it and its allies. Its failure will prove catastrophic for the entire 
world – a prospect that neither the West, nor other non-Muslim countries in the East and 
elsewhere will be able to contain without great sacrifice of lives and destruction to their 
economies. The West, therefore, must not rest until it has succeeded on this front. 
FP: How can the West do these things that you recommend and still remain a place that 
allows freedom of religion and individual liberties? 
Aghar: In order to protect its citizens from Islamic terrorism and from the future risk of 
being overrun by Muslims, all the West needs to do is to follow its own existing rules and 
laws and bring about some changes to its thinking process. Let me elaborate:
1.
Each country of the world has its own Visa Rules and it permits only those persons to enter 
its territory it considers eligible. The West can easily check the inflow of Muslims by being 
more careful at the time of issuing visas to them. 
2.
There are enough mosques and religious seminaries in the West to meet the needs of its 
Muslim population. Since it is a proven fact that many Muslim Imams and teachers have 
been using them to plant hatred of non-Muslims, particularly of the Jews, Christians and 
the Polytheists, into the minds of the Muslim children and young men and women, the West 
has the right not to grant permission for building more of them and also to electronically 
monitor the existing ones for the sake of its own people. Monitoring the Muslim Imams and 
teachers is not a violation of religious rights of all Muslims, rather, it is a necessary step 
(the doctrine of necessity applies here) that will also protect Muslims’ own young from the 
influence of their rogue Imams and teachers.

