# 2.49 Moderate Muslims and the Islamisation of Europe

> 原文页码: 511-514

Moreover, Islam permits surveillance of bad elements and Allah personally spied on the 
enemies of Muhammad to protect him from their mischief. Allah admitted this fact by 
saying in the Quran: 
4:108: “They may hide (their crimes) from men, but they cannot hide (them) from Allah, 
seeing that He {i.e. Allah} is in their midst when they plot by night, in words that He 
cannot approve: and Allah doth compass round all they do.” 
This should silence those Muslims who are likely to oppose the actions of their host 
governments against their Imams and religious teachers, for when their Allah could spy 
on Muhammad’s enemies, the law enforcers of the West can also do the same in order to 
protect their people from the evil designs of their enemies.
Additionally, freedom of religion and individual liberties are for those who value them and 
respect them. You cannot protest the arrest of a known or suspected criminal – religious 
or otherwise –, citing his or her religious freedom or liberties, as letting him or her go 
free will be a dangerous act for the society or the nation in which he or she lives. 
Therefore, in the matter of religious terrorism, or religiously inspired incitement to kill the 
followers of certain religions, the demand for religious freedom and individual liberties 
should have no effect and the West should do what is necessary to protect its citizens 
and their properties from those who are bent upon destroying them for the advancement 
of their own religion.
 
FP: Mohammad Asghar, thank you for joining Frontpage Interview. 
Asghar: Thank you for talking to me.
Source:
http://www.islam-watch.org/MAsghar/Leaving-Islam.htm
2.49 Moderate Muslims and the Islamisation of Europe
(1) Who is our enemy? Is it mainly (or only) the Islamists/jihadists who plan and carry out 
physical terror acts? 
(2) Why don’t moderate Muslims forcefully oppose the Islamists? Aren’t they opposed to 
them? Do moderate Muslims cooperate with us – or with them? 
It has been pointed out regarding issue (1) that terror is just a tool, a short- or long-term 
tactics of the Islamists, and one of many possible policy alternatives. It can be used, or it 
can be dropped if the Islamic decision-makers conclude that another strategy is better 
and that terrorism starts to be counterproductive. So terror and terrorism is not the 
enemy but just a tool among many. Naming what probably will be called World War IV in 
the future, for “The war on terror “ is just an attempt to be tactical in the short term: 
don’t irritate “normal” Muslims and be politically correct. However, it plays into the hands 
of the enemies of the Western Civilisation if one doesn’t talk straight about whom the 
enemy is. It also reflects a deep flaw in the understanding of the Islamic doctrine. 
Instead of committing such errors, it is necessary to clearly define which Muslims are the 
enemy. 
The basic doctrine of Islam consists not only of the Quran but also of the sunnah of 
Muhammed (the Ahadith and the sira). The religion contains both peaceful and violent 
principles but the peaceful suras (from Mecca) are generally abrogated by the later – and 
violent – ones from Medina. The small number of peaceful maxims regarding non-
Muslims (generally not valid because of abrogation) are now used over and over again in 
the West in order to deceive Europeans and Americans, while the real ruling principles 
are covered up. But even the “peaceful” part of the Quran created by Muhammed in 
Mecca is generally not peaceful. Quantitative research shows that e g about 2/3 of that 
part “deals with condemning unbelievers to hell for merely disagreeing with Muhammed” 
(1). 
What is then a “moderate” Muslim? It is necessary to understand the difference between 
what a Muslim means with moderation and what an European or American thinks the 
term stands for. It is reasonable to argue that a moderate Muslim is one who wants to 
closely follow the quran and the examples and principles of the perfect model of a man 
for all future and for all the world, i.e. Muhammed. And any true Muslim naturally wants 
e g to implement sharia laws which are just consequences of the quran and the sunnah. 
Such a person cannot in any sense be described as an extreme Muslim.
So-called moderate Muslims in the West cannot pick and choose the parts of the doctrine 
that they like. That is forbidden by the religion and doing so would mean that they are 
not real Muslims in the traditional sense. There is also a prohibition against personal 
interpretations of Islam. There are established interpretations and principles regarding 
interpretation which were accepted many centuries ago and are respected throughout the 
Muslim world. It is not permitted to arrive at new conclusions which contradict the old 
ones and violate the rules of interpretation. “Ijtihad” – interpretations not based on case 
law or past precedent – have been forbidden since the 11th century and a moderate 
Muslim must respect that. Innovation regarding religious principles is a very serious 
crime in the Muslim world. 
Sharia law is the practical application of the quran and the sunna, and a moderate Muslim 
must accept these laws. Even if an European Muslim initially doesn’t do that owing to a 
lack of knowledge of the quran and the sunnah (evidently very common owing to a low 
educational level; that the clerics try to conceal parts of the doctrine which may cause 
opposition also among Muslims during a period when Muslims are still a minority in 
Europe a s o) he or she will later accept also these theses. When shown that he has 
misunderstood and is wrong about the doctrine according to the real, traditional Islam, a 
Muslim will after a while accept that he has been misguided earlier and will then follow 
the lead of the faithful interpreters of true Islam. 
Many Muslims in the West now temporarily accept to follow the laws of the land because 
they as a group constitute a smaller minority here. But when they grew stronger in a 
country, their doctrine will force them to work for implementing Muslim values and 
primarily, the sharia laws. It is evident that Muslims now lacking in knowledge about 
Islam or believing in local liberal interpretations with no special basis in the accepted 
doctrine, will be pushovers when influenced by representatives of real, traditional Islam. 
The liberal Muslims are just influenced by national/cultural reinterpretations of the 
doctrine which were made a long time ago in order to create a society more harmonious 
and easier to live in. But these interpretations are deviations and have no real theoretical 
basis. They can only survive as long as nobody challenges them energetically. Most 
moderate Muslims will certainly abandon them when shown his/her errors regarding 
understanding Islam. They will then do what is demanded of them as Muslims, and even 
if some will not like it, they will obey. The quran itself (sura 2:216) states that even if you 
don’t like certain things, they are/may be good for you. In that situation probably only a 
small minority will withdraw from Islam in opposition. Open apostasy will be looked upon 
as an option by a still smaller minority. 
A moderate Muslim is not a reform-minded Muslim, who is willing to eliminate some, 
many or all those principles of Islam that violate e g human rights. The moderate 
Muslims already want – or will want after some religious re-education – pretty much the 
same things as the Islamists. The main goal is then partial or full implementation of 
sharia laws in Europe. Even if they now (for lack of knowledge) object to certain parts of 
the sharia, they still prefer important parts of it to man-made Western laws. And why 
shouldn’t they accept the sharia? Then they can keep their superiority over women, 
which is so important for the comfortable life of many Muslim males whose lifestyles just 
depend on the exploitation of women. And it means that they can become rich without 
any effort: the Western population can in the future be transformed into half-slaves 
(dhimmis) and their property (slowly) taken over by those in power – Muslims. 
The content of the sharia is mainly political; just a small part regards religion as such (as 
a religion is defined in the West). The contents violate human rights and accepted 
political principles in the West: secularism, democracy etc (see 8.1.2 below). However, as 
discussed in Part 6, a moderate may not find it a religious duty to implement the doctrine 
by force n o w in Europe or the US as long as a correctly chosen Muslim leader for the 
Ummah doesn’t exist (and who hasn’t proclaimed jihad in Europe). In that respect he is 
different from an Islamist who works for an Islamist society by force now. But the 
medium- or long-term goals of the moderate Muslim and the Islamist are pretty much 
the same. 
What a European means with the term “moderate Muslim” is very different from the 
Muslim concept of moderation. The European basically means a “Reform(ed)” Muslim. 
These brave persons still look at themselves as Muslims but they break a myriad of the 
principles of the real, traditional Islam accepted by the overwhelming majority of 
Muslims. In reality, the Reform Muslims create a new religion which has few similarities 
to traditional Islam. Why it then should be called Islam can be discussed but they 
proclaim themselves to be Muslims. Depending on their arguments, that claim can be 
logically rejected or accepted. They may be called “New” or “Reform” Muslims but they 
are surely not moderate Muslims according to the established faith. That term doesn’t 
stand for a Muslim with Western values regarding secularism, freedom, human rights, 
and democracy with rules protecting minorities. And the New or Reform Muslims are still 
very few. 
So basically: what an American or European liberal or socialist means with the term 
“moderate Muslim” is in reality a Muslim who disregards many of the most important 
principles of his faith. These Westerners delude themselves regarding the contents of 
Islam because they are scared of the consequences of the fact that they cannot square 
the circle. An objective analysis can never reach the conclusion that Islam is peaceful, 
tolerant and consistent with human rights. 
The evidence seems to show that there are no important theological differences between 
jihadists and so-called "peaceful" or "moderate" Muslims. It may be that jihadists are just 
more faithful and more serious with regard to realising islam. One religious obligation 
which every muslim must observe, is to realise and institute the laws of islam if he is in 
such political position that he has the power to do so. Some believers think that it is 
mandatory to work hard to realise that situation. Moderates think that if muslims are not 
in power, there is no special religious duty to work directly to reach it (unless a jihad has 
been legally proclaimed). But probably many or most moderates want the muslims to 
reach that kind of power so they can implement the sharia. 
The traditional doctrine is the leading one in the muslim world. Local and more moderate 
interpretations are now retreating in many countries probably because communication 
and interaction is easy in the modern world, and therefore the real, traditional islam can 
recover the initiative again from local and earlier somewhat isolated variants of islam. 
The traditional faith can now control the contents of the doctrine in various countries 
better. Because all four schools of sunni islam agree on so many matters, this force is 
difficult to withstand intellectually if one is a muslim. 
It has been said that islam has been hijacked by terrorists. Even if that may be the case 
in some instances where the terrorists really interpret the quoran in too extreme a way, it 
is no reason at all to conclude that the judgment is true in general. What seems to be 
true is instead that many - from the beginning normal, peaceful and sound - persons are 
hijacked by islam and transformed into fanatics and enemies of democracy, freedom and 
human rights. And some of these persons may for many reasons develop into terrorists. 
But that transformation doesn’t depend on the discovery of other tenets of islam but on 
psychological or sociopsychological reasons, and the individual circumstances of the 
person in question. 
Because of the misery of their current life, an end to it and paradise may seem 
preferable. A person may feel a greater fear of hell than others; or for young sex-starved 
men, the free sex in paradise may seem more important than anything else. Or the 
person takes the teaching that this life is of little importance than the other more 
seriously and tries to reach the next faster – and dying in jihad is the sure free ticket to 
paradise. Or he is a strict, serious and logical person and makes reasonable conclusions 
on the basis of the quran, hadiths and sunnah. 
In many cases, a moderate muslim evidently has the same goals as the terrorists but 
refuses to fight for them with a weapon in his hand and sacrifice himself in battle (until 
jihad has been legally proclaimed). But that is no reason to make a sharp differentiation 
between a moderate and an extreme muslim religion. The final goals may be very similar, 
or even the same. It is also always necessary to observe the possibility of taqiyya when 
listening to a so-called moderate. Extremists find advantages in being labelled as 
moderates. 
Without a reformed doctrine proclaiming distinctly and unequivocally different theses 
which secure all human rights and eliminate the unacceptable parts of the quran, the 
opinions of the moderates are not specially useful as a religious basis. Opinions can be 
abandoned and may crumble fast if they come under serious pressure from hardliners. 
No policies in western countries can be based on a belief in the moderation of muslims 
without the existence of a clearly reformed islamic doctrine. The survival of a nation: its 
human rights, political system, culture and future cannot rest on such a weak hope. 
Multiculturalism according to the common interpretation, multiculturalism in practice 
means that all cultures and religions are equal. For the reasons given above, that 
assertion is totally wrong. People are equal as human beings but the opinions, culture 
and values of people have not the same worth. Opinions and culture can generally be 
valued according to various criteria. Different cultures – being value systems - are 
therefore not equal. From a political and humanistic point–of-view, some of these 
systems are - just owing to their positions concerning human rights - worthless in a 
western democracy as value systems guiding the society regarding political issues. 
Source:
http://www.islam-watch.org/NoSharia/PreventEuropeIslamization1.htm

