# 2.50 Why We Cannot Rely on Moderate Muslims

> 原文页码: 515-523

2.50 Why We Cannot Rely on Moderate Muslims
By Fjordman
According to Dr. Daniel Pipes[1], Omar Ahmad, the long-serving chairman of CAIR, the 
Council on American-Islamic Relations, reportedly told a crowd of California Muslims in 
July 1998, “Islam isn’t in America to be equal to any other faith, but to become 
dominant. The Koran ... should be the highest authority in America, and Islam the only 
accepted religion on earth.”
In 2005, three Dallas-area brothers were convicted of supporting terrorism by funnelling 
money to a high-ranking official in the militant Palestinian group Hamas. Ghassan and 
Bayan Elashi and their company were found guilty of all 21 federal counts they faced: 
conspiracy, money laundering and dealing in property of a terrorist. Ghassan Elashi was 
the founder[2] of the Texas chapter of CAIR.
One would normally think that an organisation that has convicted terrorist supporters 
among its members and whose leading members have stated a desire to replace the US 
Constitution with sharia would be shunned by Western media and political 
representatives. Unfortunately, that’s not the case.
In August 2006, a poll revealed that most Americans favor profiling of people who look 
“Middle Eastern” for security screening at locations such as airports and train stations. 
News wire Reuters[3] stated that the “civil rights and advocacy organisation” CAIR 
protested against this. Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the CAIR, wanted 
Americans to solve the problem of Islamic terrorism by cooperating with, well, people 
such as CAIR: “It’s one of those things that makes people think they are doing something 
to protect themselves when they’re not. They’re in fact producing more insecurity by 
alienating the very people whose help is necessary in the war on terrorism,” he said.
The Kentucky office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations has been conducting 
”sensitivity training”[4] for FBI agents in Lexington, examining “common stereotypes of 
Islam and Muslims,” and ways in which to improve interactions with the Muslim 
community.
Meanwhile, a survey revealed that 81% of Detroit Muslims[5] wanted sharia in Muslim 
countries. Yehudit Barsky, an expert on terrorism at the American Jewish Committee, 
warned that mainstream US Muslim organisations are heavily influenced by Saudi-funded 
extremists. These “extremist organisations continue to claim the mantle of leadership” 
over American Islam. Over 80 percent[6] of the mosques in the United States “have been 
radicalised by Saudi money and influence,” Barsky said.
The northern Virginia-based Muslim Students’ Association (MSA) might easily be taken 
for a benign student[7] religious group. At a meeting in Queensborough Community 
College in New York in March 2003, a guest speaker named Faheed declared, “We reject 
the U.N., reject America, reject all law and order. Don’t lobby Congress or protest 
because we don’t recognise Congress. The only relationship you should have with 
America is to topple it ... Eventually there will be a Muslim in the White House dictating 
the laws of Shariah.”
So, what happened to the famous “moderate Muslims” in all this? That’s a question writer 
Robert Spencer[8] asks, too. Imam Siraj Wahaj is in great demand as a speaker. In 
1991, he even became the first Muslim to give an invocation to the U.S. Congress.
However, he has also warned that the United States will fall unless it “accepts the Islamic 
agenda.” He has lamented that “if only Muslims were clever politically, they could take 
over the United States and replace its constitutional government with a caliphate.” In the 
early 1990s he sponsored talks by Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman in mosques in New York 
City and New Jersey; Rahman was later convicted for conspiring to blow up the World 
Trade Center in 1993, and Wahaj was designated a “potential unindicted co-conspirator.”
Mr. Spencer notes that “The fact that someone who would like to see the [US] 
Constitution replaced has led a prayer for those sworn to uphold it is just a symptom a 
larger, ongoing problem: the government and media are avid to find moderate Muslims -- 
and as their desperation has increased, their standards have lowered.” The situation is 
complicated by many factors, including, taqiyya and kitman: “These are Islamic doctrines 
of religious deception. They originated in Shi’ite Islamic defences against Sunni Islam, 
but have their roots in the Qur’an (3:28 and 16:106). Many radical Muslims today work 
hard to deceive unbelievers, in line with Muhammad’s statement, “War is deceit.”
Professor Walid Phares[9] gives an explanation of such religious deception, part and 
parcel of Jihad while Muslims are in a weaker position: “Al-Taqiya, from the verb Ittaqu, 
means linguistically ‘dodge the threat’. Politically it means simulate whatever status you 
need in order to win the war against the enemy.” “According to Al-Taqiya, Muslims were 
granted the Shar’iya (legitimacy) to infiltrate the Dar el-Harb (war zone), infiltrate the 
enemy’s cities and forums and plant the seeds of discord and sedition.
“These agents were acting on behalf of the Muslim authority at war, and therefore were 
not considered as lying or denouncing the tenets of Islam. They were “legitimate” 
mujahedeen [holy warriors], whose mission was to undermine the enemy’s resistance 
and level of mobilisation. One of their major objectives was to cause a split among the 
enemy’s camp. In many instances, they convinced their targeted audiences that Jihad is 
not aimed at them.”
This deception “has a civilisational, global dimension versus the narrow state interest of 
the regular Western subversive methods.” “The uniqueness of today’s Taqiya is its 
success within advanced and sophisticated societies. Taqiya is winning massively because 
of the immense lack of knowledge among Western elites, both Jewish and Christian.”
Youssef Mohamed E[10]., a 22-year-old Lebanese man, is one of two persons suspected 
of trying to carry out bomb attacks on regional trains from Cologne, Germany, in July 
2006. His fellow students were stunned. They couldn’t imagine how one of their fellow 
students could be a terrorist, a train bomber. He was a “completely normal guy” said one 
of them. “He was friendly, polite, inconspicuous,” and he never spoke ill of anyone. The 
publication of caricatures[11] depicting the Prophet Mohammed was interpreted by 
Youssef as an insult to Islam by the Western world, and triggered the attempted terror 
attack.
Muhammad Atta was named by the FBI as the pilot of American Airlines Flight 11, the 
first plane to crash into the World Trade Center during the September 11, 2001 attacks. 
He was also a student in Germany, where he was described as quiet, polite and 
inconspicuous. This strategy of using religious deception, smiling to the infidels while 
plotting to kill them, has become a common feature of many would-be Jihadists in the 
West.
According to Robert Spencer[12], secular clothing is actually in accord with instructions in 
a captured Al-Qaeda manual to appear to be a secular, assimilated Muslim with no 
interest in religion. In renting an apartment, “It is preferable to rent these apartments 
using false names, appropriate cover, and non-Moslem appearance.” And in general: 
“Have a general appearance that does not indicate Islamic orientation (beard, toothpick, 
book, [long] shirt, small Koran)....Be careful not to mention the brothers’ common 
expressions or show their behaviours (special praying appearance, ‘may Allah reward 
you’, ‘peace be on you’ while arriving and departing, etc.).”
Ambassadors to the Czech Republic[13] from Arab nations and members of the Czech 
Muslim community were outraged by a documentary aired on ÄŒTV that used hidden 
camera footage of conversations in a Prague mosque. The footage showed a reporter 
pretending to be someone interested in converting to Islam. One of members of the 
mosque said Islamic law should be implemented in the Czech Republic, including the 
death penalty for adultery. “The result was alarming, and if not for the hidden camera, I 
would have never had any of this footage,” the journalist said.
An Arabic-speaking journalist had on several occasions visited a large mosque in 
Stockholm, and noticed that what the imam said in his speech in Arabic didn’t match the 
Swedish translation. “America rapes Islam,” imam Hassan Mousa roared in Arabic. 
Minutes later the Swedish translation was ready. Not a word on how America was raping 
Islam. Imam Mousa said that many Muslims call him an “American friendly” preacher. 
The mistranslation was because “Arabic is a much richer language than Swedish. It’s 
impossible to translate everything.”
Examples such as these leave non-Muslims with a very powerful dilemma: How can we 
ever trust assurances from self-proclaimed moderate Muslims when deception of non-
Muslims is so widespread, and lying to infidels is an accepted and established way of 
hiding Islamic goals? The answer, with all its difficult implications, is: We can’t.
Does this mean that ALL Muslims are lying about their true agenda, all of the time? No, 
of course not. Some are quite frank about their intentions.
Norway’s most controversial refugee, Mullah Krekar[14], has said in public that there’s a 
war going on between the West and Islam, and that Islam will win. “We’re the ones who 
will change you,” Krekar told. “Just look at the development within Europe, where the 
number of Muslims is expanding like mosquitoes.”
“Every Western woman in the EU is producing an average of 1.4 children. Every Muslim 
woman in the same countries is producing 3.5 children. By 2050, 30 percent of the 
population in Europe will be Muslim.” He claimed that “our way of thinking... will prove 
more powerful than yours.” He loosely defined “Western thinking” as formed by the 
values held by leaders of western or non-Islamic nations. Its “materialism, egoism and 
wildness” has altered Christianity, Krekar claimed.
In The Force of Reason, Italian journalist and novelist Oriana Fallaci[15] recalls how, in 
1972, she interviewed the Palestinian terrorist George Habash, who told her that the 
Palestinian problem was about far more than Israel. The Arab goal, Habash declared, was 
to wage war “against Europe and America” and to ensure that henceforth “there would be 
no peace for the West.” The Arabs, he informed her, would “advance step by step. 
Millimetre by millimetre. Year after year. Decade after decade. Determined, stubborn, 
patient. This is our strategy. A strategy that we shall expand throughout the whole 
planet.”
Fallaci thought he was referring simply to terrorism. Only later did she realise that he 
“also meant the cultural war, the demographic war, the religious war waged by stealing a 
country from its citizens — In short, the war waged through immigration, fertility, 
presumed pluriculturalism.”
The US State Department believes that Washington can contain the Muslim Brotherhood 
and its ilk through dialogue[16] and should avoid any further clash with them, because 
this “would only fan hatred and incite more attacks against US interests.” The State 
Department has asked the US Embassy in Cairo to reach out to the Muslim Brotherhood’s 
leaders as a preliminary step for an organised dialogue.
At the same time, the new Brotherhood leader Muhammad Mahdi Othman ’Akef said in 
2004 to Arab media that America is ‘Satan’ and “will soon collapse[17].” “I have complete 
faith that Islam will invade Europe and America, because Islam has logic and a mission.” 
Western authorities are thus trying to “reach out” to an organisation that wants to 
conquer and subdue them.
Besides, exactly what does “dialogue” mean, anyway? Poul E. Andersen[18], former dean 
of the church of Odense, Denmark, warns against false hopes of dialogue with Muslims. 
During a debate at the University of Aarhus, Ahmad Akkari, one of the Muslim 
participants, stated: “Islam has waged war where this was necessary and dialogue where 
this was possible. A dialogue can thus only be viewed as part of a missionary objective.”
When Mr. Andersen raised the issue of dialogue with the Muslim World League in 
Denmark, the answer was: “To a Muslim, it is artificial to discuss Islam. In fact, you view 
any discussion as an expression of Western thinking.” Andersen’s conclusion was that for 
Islamists, any debate about religious issues is impossible as a matter of principle. If 
Muslims engage in a dialogue or debate on religious subjects, this is for one purpose 
only: To create more room for Islam.
In Britain’s The Spectator, Patrick Sookhdeo[19] writes about the myth of moderate 
Islam:
“The peaceable verses of the Koran are almost all earlier, dating 
from Mohammed’s time in Mecca, while those which advocate 
war and violence are almost all later, dating from after his flight 
to Medina. Though jihad has a variety of meanings, including a 
spiritual struggle against sin, Mohammed’s own example shows 
clearly that he frequently interpreted jihad as literal warfare and 
himself ordered massacre, assassination and torture. From 
these sources the Islamic scholars developed a detailed 
theology dividing the world into two parts, Dar al-Harb and Dar 
al-Islam, with Muslims required to change Dar al-Harb into Dar al-Islam either through 
warfare or da’wa (mission).”
“So the mantra ‘Islam is peace’ is almost 1,400 years out of date. It was only for about 
13 years that Islam was peace and nothing but peace. From 622 onwards it became 
increasingly aggressive, albeit with periods of peaceful co-existence, particularly in the 
colonial period, when the theology of war was not dominant. For today’s radical Muslims 
— just as for the mediaeval jurists who developed classical Islam — it would be truer to 
say ‘Islam is war.’”
What is a moderate Muslim? In 2003, the Associated Press touted as a “moderate”[20] a 
cleric who told Saudi radio that terrorist attacks in his capital violated “the sanctity of 
Ramadan.” Leading government cleric Sheikh Saleh Al-Fawzan was a member of the 
Senior Council of Clerics, Saudi Arabia’s highest religious body. He was also the author of 
the religious books used to teach 5 million Saudi students, both within the country and in 
Saudi schools abroad — including those in Washington, D.C. “Slavery is a part of Islam,” 
he said in one tape, adding: “Slavery is part of jihad, and jihad will remain as long there 
is Islam.” A moderate Muslim by Saudi standards is thus a person who wants to reinstate 
slavery in the 21st century.
During his speech at the opening of the 10th Session of the Islamic Summit Conference 
on Oct 16, 2003, Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad[21] of Malaysia stated that: “We are 
all Muslims. We are all oppressed. We are all being humiliated.” “1.3 billion Muslims 
cannot be defeated by a few million Jews. There must be a way.” “Today the Jews rule 
this world by proxy. They get others to fight and die for them.”
“They invented and successfully promoted Socialism, Communism, human rights and 
democracy so that persecuting them would appear to be wrong, so they may enjoy equal 
rights with others. With these they have now gained control of the most powerful 
countries and they, this tiny community, have become a world power.” Mahathir talked 
about how Muslims could win a “final victory,” and recalled the glory days when 
“Europeans had to kneel at the feet of Muslim scholars in order to access their own 
scholastic heritage.”
Farish Noor[22], a Malaysian scholar who specialises in politics and Islam, says that the 
idea of a secular state is dead in Malaysia. “An Islamic society is already on the cards. 
The question is what kind of Islamic society this will be.” There is a creeping Islamisation 
of the country, and Islamic police officers routinely arrest unmarried couples for “close 
proximity.” Yet despite all of this, Malaysia is considered one of the most moderate 
Muslim majority countries in the world. What does this tell us?
While NATO soldiers are risking their lives to establish a “democratic and moderate” 
regime in Afghanistan, a former regional governor[23] who oversaw the destruction of 
two massive 1,500-year-old Buddha statues during the Taliban’s reign was elected to the 
Afghan parliament. Mawlawi Mohammed Islam Mohammadi was the Taliban’s governor of 
Bamiyan province when the fifth-century Buddha statues were blown up with dynamite 
and artillery in March 2001.
In the same, Western-supported, moderate Afghanistan, the police arrested six people 
for stoning to death an Afghan women accused of adultery[24]. The arrests were made 
after the interior ministry sent a delegation to a remote village in north-eastern 
Badakhshan province following reports that the woman was stoned to death. Were they 
arrested because stoning was barbaric? No. They were arrested because they were 
carrying out an unauthorised stoning: The mullah who authorised the killing was not a 
judge.
Ashram Choudhary, Muslim MP in New Zealand[25], will not condemn the traditional 
Koran punishment of stoning to death some homosexuals and people who have extra-
marital affairs. But the Labour MP - who has struggled with his “role” as the sole 
parliamentary representative of the local Muslim community — assures that he is not 
advocating the practice in the West. The question is not just of academic interest. A 23-
year-old Tunisian woman was stoned to death near Marseilles, France[26], in 2004.
Centre Democrat Ben Haddou[27], a member of Copenhagen’s City Council, has stated: 
“It’s impossible to condemn sharia. And any secular Muslim who claims he can is lying. 
Sharia also encompasses lifestyle, inheritance law, fasting and bathing. Demanding that 
Muslims swear off sharia is a form of warfare against them.”
Read that statement again, and read it carefully. Muslims in the West consider it “a form 
of warfare against them” if they have to live by our secular laws, not their religious laws. 
Will they then also react in violent ways to this “warfare” if they don’t get their will? 
Moreover, since sharia laws ultimately require the subjugation of non-Muslims, doesn’t 
“freedom of religion” for Muslims essentially entail the freedom to make non-Muslims 
second-rate citizens in their own countries?
Federal Treasurer Peter Costello[28] said Australian Muslim leaders need to stand up and 
publicly denounce terrorism in all its forms. Mr. Costello has also backed calls by Prime 
Minister John Howard for Islamic migrants to adopt Australian values. Mr. Howard caused 
outrage in Australia’s Islamic community when he said Muslims needed to speak English 
and show respect to women.
Hammasa Kohistani[29], the first Muslim to be crowned Miss England, warned that 
“stereotyping” members of her community was leading some towards extremism. “Even 
moderate Muslims are turning to terrorism to prove themselves. They think they might 
as well support it because they are stereotyped anyway. It will take a long time for 
communities to start mixing in more.”
So, if radical Muslims stage mass-murder attacks against non-Muslims, the non-Muslims 
must not show any anger because of this, otherwise the moderate Muslims may get 
insulted and become terrorists, too. Gee, isn’t it comforting to know that there is such a 
sharp dividing line between moderates and radicals, and that moderate Muslims have 
such an aptitude for self-criticism?
Unfortunately, Jihad-supporters are allowed to stifle Western defence capabilities by 
feeding them Politically Correct propaganda. U.K. police officers were given ”diversity 
training”[30] at an Islamic school southeast of London, the private Jameah Islameah 
school in East Sussex, that later became the center of a terrorism investigation. The 
county’s police officers visited the school as many as 15 times for training to improve 
their awareness of Muslim culture and for advanced training so they could themselves 
become diversity trainers.
In August 2006, following the unveiling of a plot to blow up several airliners between 
Britain and the USA, Muslim leaders summoned to talks with the Government on tackling 
extremism made a series of demands, which included the introduction of sharia law[31] 
for family matters. Dr Syed Aziz Pasha, secretary general of the Union of Muslim 
Organisations of the UK and Ireland, said: ‘We told her [the minister] if you give us 
religious rights, we will be in a better position to convince young people that they are 
being treated equally along with other citizens.’
As Charles Johnson[32] of blog Little Green Footballs dryly commented, this is an 
interesting viewpoint: Only by receiving special treatment and instituting a medieval 
religious legal code can Muslims be treated “equally.”
After the plot against the airliners was uncovered, a large number of UK Muslim groups 
sent a letter with veiled threats[33] to PM Tony Blair, stating that “It is our view that 
current British government policy risks putting civilians at increased risk both in the UK 
and abroad,” and that the British should “change our foreign policy,” in addition to 
allowing Muslims more sharia. The same thing happened after the bombs in London in 
2005.
If we watch closely, we will notice that Muslims are highly organised and have prepared 
long lists of demands. Every act of terrorism, or Jihad as it really is, is seen as an 
opportunity to push even greater demands. Radical Muslims and moderate Muslims are 
allies, not adversaries. The radicals bomb, and the moderates issue veiled threats that 
“unless we get our will, more such attacks will ensue.” It’s a good cop, bad cop game.
It is true that Jihad is not exclusively about violence, but it is very much about the 
constant threat of violence. Just like you don’t need to beat a donkey all the time to 
make it go where you want it to, Muslims don’t have to hit non-Muslims continuously. 
They bomb or kill every now and then, to make sure that the infidels are always properly 
submissive and know who’s boss.
Sadly, they frequently tend to get their will, and the donkey, or as in this case, the 
British, do what the Muslims want. A hospital in northwest England has introduced a new 
surgical gown modelled on the burka[34], allowing female Muslim patients to cover 
themselves completely. The blue “Inter-Faith Gown” is the first of its type in Britain and 
has being tried out at the Royal Preston Hospital.
Professor Moshe Sharon[35] teaches Islamic History at the Hebrew University, Jerusalem. 
He gives this description of how a temporary truce, a hudna, is used as an Islamic 
strategy against infidels:
“Peace in Islam can exist only within the Islamic world; peace can only be between Moslem 
and Moslem.” “With the non-Moslem world or non-Moslem opponents, there can be only 
one solution - a cease fire until Moslems can gain more power. It is an eternal war until the 
end of days. Peace can only come if the Islamic side wins. The two civilisations can only 
have periods of cease-fires.”
“A few weeks after the Oslo agreement was signed, [Palestinian leader] Arafat went to 
Johannesburg, and in a mosque there he made a speech in which he apologised, saying, 
“Do you think I signed something with the Jews which is contrary to the rules of Islam?” 
Arafat continued, “That’s not so. I’m doing exactly what the prophet Mohammed did.” 
“What Arafat was saying was, “Remember the story of Hodaybiya.” The prophet had 
made an agreement there with the tribe of Kuraish for 10 years. But then he trained 
10,000 soldiers and within two years marched on their city of Mecca. He, of course, 
found some kind of pretext.”
I have earlier quoted how even Norwegian diplomat and United Nation’s envoy Terje Röd-
Larsen[36], a key player during the Oslo Peace Process in the 1990s, later admitted that 
“Arafat lied all the time.”
The Arabs never wanted a peace with Israel. They wanted to buy time until they were 
strong enough to win. The peace overtures by the Israelis were interpreted as a sign of 
weakness. The so-called Treaty of Hudaybiyya, signed while Muhammad and his 
supporters were not yet strong enough to conquer Mecca, has become a standard for 
Islamic relations with non-Muslims ever since.
Sharon states that “Thus, in Islamic jurisdiction, it became a legal precedent which states 
that you are only allowed to make peace for a maximum of 10 years. Secondly, at the 
first instance that you are able, you must renew the jihad [thus breaking the “peace” 
agreement].” “What makes Islam accept cease-fire? Only one thing - when the enemy is 
too strong. It is a tactical choice.”
Furthermore, the Islamic world has not only the attitude of open war. There’s also war by 
infiltration, as we can see in Western countries now. Is there a possibility to end this 
dance of war? According to Moshe Sharon, the answer is, “No. Not in the foreseeable 
future. What we can do is reach a situation where for a few years we may have relative 
quiet.”
As Jihad Watch Board Vice President Hugh Fitzgerald says[37] of moderate Muslims: 
“They are still people who call themselves Muslims, and we, the Infidels, have no idea 
what this will cause them, or could cause them, to do in the future. We likewise have no 
idea what their children, or their grandchildren will see as their responsibility as Muslims. 
The “moderate” Muslim today may be transformed into an “immoderate” Muslim, or his 
descendants could be if he does not make a complete break and become an apostate. All 
over the West now we see the phenomenon of Muslim children who are more devout and 
observant than their parents.”
This is, unfortunately, very true. In November 2005, an intelligence study obtained by 
Canada’s National Post[38] said that a “high percentage” of the Canadian Muslims 
involved in extremist activities were home-grown and born in Canada, a marked shift 
from the past when they were mostly refugees and immigrants: “There does not appear 
to be a single process that leads to extremism; the transformation is highly individual. 
Once this change has taken place, such individuals move on to a series of activities, 
ranging from propaganda and recruiting, to terrorist training and participation in 
extremist operations.”
Hugh Fitzgerald wonders how many of our Muslim immigrants will be truly moderate. 
How many of them “will turn out to be like Ayaan Hirsi Ali? One out of 20? One out of 
100? One out of 1,000? One out of 100,000? How many of the men will turn out to be 
like Magdi Allam in Italy, or like Bassam Tibi in Germany? How many Ibn Warraqs and Ali 
Sinas, or converts to Christianity such as Walid Shoebat, are there likely to be in any 
population of, say, 1000 Muslim immigrants? Should the Western world admit a million 
immigrants, or permit them to remain, because a few of them see the light?”
“Let Muslims remain within Dar al-Islam. Let the Infidels do everything they can to first 
learn themselves, and then to show Muslims that they understand (so that Muslims will 
then have to begin to recognise) that the political, economic, social, intellectual, and 
moral failures of Islamic societies, both within Dar al-Islam and in Dar al-Harb, are 
directly related to, and arise out of, Islam itself.”
Youssef Ibrahim[39] of the New York Sun is tired of the silence from the Muslim majority: 
“Hardly any Muslim groups, moderate or otherwise, voiced public disapproval of [Dutch 
Islamic critic Theo] van Gogh’s murder except in the most formulaic way.” “In Islam, 
“silence is a sign of acceptance,” as the Arabic Koranic saying goes.” “The question that 
hangs in the air so spectacularly now — particularly as England has been confronted once 
again by British Muslims plotting to kill hundreds — is this: What exactly are the 
Europeans waiting for before they round up all those Muslim warriors and their families 
and send them back to where they came from?”
A just question, which increasing numbers of Europeans are asking, too. A big part of the 
answer lies in the elaborate Eurabian, pro-Islamic networks that have been built up by 
stealth over decades, and hardly ever debated by European media. Besides, it’s 
embarrassing for Western political leaders, who have championed multiculturalism for a 
long time, to admit that they have made a terrible mistake that is now threatening the 
very survival of their countries.
It is possible that those Western countries where the infidels are strong enough will copy 
the Benes Decrees from Czechoslovakia in 1946, when most of the so-called Sudeten 
Germans, some 3.5 million people, had shown themselves to be a dangerous fifth column 
without any loyalty to the state. The Czech government thus expelled them from its land. 
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch has demonstrated, there is a much better case for a 
Benes Decree for parts of the Muslim population in the West now than there ever was for 
the Sudeten Germans.
The most civilised thing we can do in order to save ourselves as a civilisation, but also to 
limit the loss of life among both Muslims and non-Muslims in what increasingly looks like 
a world war, is for Westerners and indeed non-Muslims in general to implement a policy 
of containment of the Islamic world, as suggested by Mr. Fitzgerald. This includes 
completely stopping Muslim immigration, but also by making our countries Islam-
unfriendly, thus presenting the Muslims already here between the options of adapting to 
our societies or leaving if they desire sharia law. Even whispering about Jihad should be 
grounds for expulsion and revoking citizenship.
I have compared Islam to the movie “The Matrix,” where people are turned into slaves by 
living in a make-believe reality designed to keep them in chains. In the movie, everybody 
who hasn’t been completely unplugged from this artificial reality is potentially an agent 
for the system. I have gradually come to the conclusion that this is the sanest way to 
view Muslims, too.
Some would argue that it is a crime and a betrayal of our own values to argue for 
excluding Muslims from our countries or even expelling some of the ones who are already 
here. I disagree. The relatively small number of Muslims we have in the West now has 
already caused enormous damage to our economy, to our culture and not the least to our 
freedoms. The real crime, and the real betrayal, would be to sacrifice centuries of 
advances in human freedom as well as the future of our children and grandchildren to 
appease Muslims who contribute virtually nothing to our societies and are hostile to their 
very foundations.
As I have demonstrated above, it is perfectly accepted, and widely practiced, by Jihadist 
Muslims to lie to non-Muslims about their true agenda. I have also demonstrated that the 
relationship between radicals and so-called moderates is a lot closer than we would like 
to think. At best, they share the goals of establishing sharia around the world, and differ 
only over the means to achieve this goal. At worst, they are allies in a good cop, bad cop 
game to extort concession after concession from the infidels. Moreover, even those who 
genuinely are moderate and secular in their approach may later change, or their children 
may change. This can be triggered by almost anything, either something in the news or a 
crisis in their personal lives, which will create a desire to become a better, more pious 
Muslim. The few remaining moderates can easily be silenced by violence from their more 
ruthless, radical counterparts.

