# 2.103 Democracy needs a Reformation

> 原文页码: 745-751

(Marxism/multiculturalism/globalism) and nationalism (cultural conservatism). 
Marxism/internationalism/globalism/multiculturalism is an ideology designed to 
deconstruct European traditions, cultures, identities and even nation states while 
nationalism is the anti-thesis. In order for the internationalists to succeed they have 
combined this political deconstruction with mass-Muslim immigration. Of course, motives 
vary. Globalist capitalists (like the Republican Party) are supporting mass Muslim 
immigration for the cheap labour while the Democratic Party (cultural Marxists) are 
supporting it for the votes.  
A common misconception is that nationalism results in backwardness and halts progress, 
science and any form of development. The Marxists or capitalist globalists will say that 
you cannot stop or avoid globalism/multiculturalism which is of course nothing more than 
propaganda. Japan and South Korea proves very well that this statement is wrong. Both 
nations are monocultural and at the same time very developed and are considered two of 
the most successful countries. 
But the US and other multicultural countries will without a doubt have a great advantage 
due to the fact that they are allowing highly educated immigrants? They will also gain a 
significant productivity level due to the fact that they allow modern day slavery 
(productive immigrants working under minimum wage)? 
First of all, very few countries actually have a strict entry policies and will allow any and 
all depending on the fact that the candidate has higher education or not. Australia and 
the US are, on the other hand, quite strict and usually limit much of the immigration to 
these candidates. 
However, the US does not have a welfare system so these immigrants will cost the 
society minimal if they lose their job. Secondly, the majority of immigrants accepted by 
most European countries are conservative Muslims with little or no education. This forms 
a destructive mix considering that they get full access to the welfare system. 
Secondly, monocultural and highly developed countries such as Japan and South Korea 
prove that a well organised school system (see school systems for the future) will allow 
each country to develop enough professionals from their country without having to 
import from third world countries. The current trend of poaching highly educated foreign 
nationals is nothing more than a negative spiral which delays essential school reforms. 
Instead of accepting a dysfunctional school system by importing foreign nationals we 
intend to reform the system quite drastically. This will also involve copying Japanese and 
South Korean (old European) doctrines. These policies are actually our own as it is a blue 
print of the English system which was in effect in the 1950s. 
On a personal level, considering the fact that others might see me as an anti-socialist 
elitist, considering the fact that I would like to see the massive European public sectors 
reduced drastically from current 40-70% down to 25%. However, this is not up to me but 
rather up to the future nationalist leadership of Europe. Furthermore, my loyalty to my 
nation and people surpasses any of my secondary or tertiary anti-socialist objectives. 
After all, we are fighting a war against internationalism, not against the European welfare 
state.
2.103 Democracy needs a Reformation 
By Ohmyrus
Why should a welfare bum have the same one vote that a taxpayer has? Why should a 
drug pusher have the same one vote as a Mother Theresa? Why should a school dropout 
have the same one vote as a college professor?
The one man, one vote system gives everybody an equal say in how a country is to be 
run. But obviously, each citizen contributes unequally to the society. Some, like drug 
pushers, damage society. Others, like welfare bums, take resources from society paid for 
by more diligent members. Given the unequal contributions, why should everyone be 
given an equal right (one vote) to choose its leaders?
That is the question that I have always asked myself.
Don't get me wrong, I do not want to destroy democracy. I think that despite all its 
faults, it is still the best form of government yet devised by man.
As Churchill once said, democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the 
rest. Yet, there are problems with it which if not addressed may result in the collapse of 
democracy. I wish to prolong its life by identifying its problems and proposing possible 
solutions before the problems cause a system failure.
This attitude may seem strange for, after the collapse of Communism, it appears that 
democracy has finally triumphed. (3) It appeared to many including writers like Francis 
Fukuyama that we have reached the end of History, meaning that we have reached the 
final stage in the evolution of human society with democracy as the best way to organise 
society.
In 1900, only a handful of countries were democracies, compared to 119 or 62 per cent 
of the world today. US President George Bush wants to promote democracy in the 
remaining places, confident of its appeal and justness. I am alone in the wilderness 
trying to sound a warning that we should not be complacent. We have been brought up 
to believe that each person has the right to one vote. Thus the thought that some 
citizens should receive more votes than others is repugnant to most of us.
Leaving aside the moral issue, let us instead analyze the economic and social 
consequences that flow from this.
Before we begin, let me point out that politicians act like entrepreneurs or businessmen. 
The only difference is that instead of earning money, they earn votes. The businessman 
sells a product or service in exchange for dollars. The politician sells himself for votes 
instead of money. Both will do a market survey of the population and craft strategies 
designed to appeal to the buyers or voters. To emphasise the similarity of businessmen 
and politicians, I will from now on refer to politicians as "votreprenuers" or use the two 
words interchangeably. As a result of the behaviour of votreprenuers, democracy has the 
following flaws:
1) Democracy produces welfare states
The first thing a votreprenuer will notice in his market survey is that income distribution 
does not follow a normal distribution. It is skewed to one side. There are, simply put, 
more poor people than rich people. What this means is that politicians can prosper at the 
ballot box by proposing redistributive policies. The result is the welfare state and high 
taxes. 
Benjamin Franklin puts it very beautifully and succintly. He said: 'Democracy is two 
wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.' (5)
The welfare state reduces the incentive to work and inhibits entrepreneurial risk-taking. 
On top of that, labour friendly laws in Europe make it difficult to fire workers, who 
already have very short working hours compared to Americans and Asians. In some parts 
of Europe, the debilitating results can be clearly seen. Unemployment in France and 
Germany is around 10 per cent. Of course, a votreprenuer would not tell the truth to his 
voters by saying, "Vote for me and you can be lazy because we will get the hardworking 
taxpayers to support you."
Instead, he would couch his sales speech in a manner that dulls their conscience and 
makes them feel entitled to use their vote to transfer money from somebody's wallet to 
their own. This creates a climate of entitlement and dependency which is debilitating. 
These entitlements help the middle class more than the poor because that is where most 
of the votes are. In the present system, the centre of gravity of the electorate is Mr 
Average and this produces mediocre government.
On top of this, dependency on a faceless government has social consequences. It has 
eroded the ancient relationship between parents and children. For countless generations, 
parents have depended on their children to provide for them in their old age.
Now they depend on the government. Since children are no longer pension funds as in 
the past and taxes being so high, people decide to have fewer of them. If you look at the 
birth rates of Europe and Japan, you will find that they are below replacement levels. Yet 
the young are still expected to provide for the old! This time the provision is indirect - 
through the government in the form of higher taxes and welfare payments to the old. As 
the population in modern democracies ages, and with lower birth rates, it means that a 
shrinking working population has to support the old.
Would it not be better to cut out the middleman? It would certainly shrink the 
government bureaucracy if each retired person depended on his children in his old age as 
in the past. It would give them greater incentive to have more children and to raise them 
well which would also be beneficial to marriages. It was reported in the Economist in 
1988 that less than 1% of American poor consist of people who are married, finished 
high school and held a job for at least a year. (6) All it takes to stay above the poverty 
line a a little bit of effort to get an education, be faithful to your spouse and keep a job. 
In other words, all you need are the old fashioned virtues of diligence, discipline and 
fidelity to one's spouse.
Nowadays, men find it easy to abandon their wives and children because they know they 
won't starve. The state will take care of them. This could have contributed to unstable 
marriages.
At the same time, the votreprenuers also notice that people hate paying taxes. They 
want benefits from government but don't like contributing money. So to cater for this 
market, they will promise tax cuts. The results are budget deficits and soaring public 
debt.
If you look at the statistics, most of the OECD governments have huge budget deficits. 
(1) As a whole, the OECD is running a combined budget deficit amounting to a tad shy of 
4 per cent of GDP. Much of it comes from the US which has a budget deficit of about 5 
per cent of GDP.
Japan is even worse at more than 6 per cent of GDP. Some economists have been 
warning of economic collapse if something is not done. Sometimes, politicians would 
inflate the money supply to pay for their deficit spending, resulting in inflation. Other 
times, they would resort to government borrowing which results in higher interest rates. 
Should there be an economic crash resulting in massive unemployment or high inflation, 
confidence in democracy will plummet. Then people will be ready to put power in the 
hands of a dictator. That was one reason why Hitler got into power.
2) Democracy produces short-term thinking
The second thing votreprenuers notice is that they face elections once every four or five 
years. This means that they cannot afford to take a long term view of things. Politicians 
know that their time in office is limited. To stay in office, they come up with policies that 
are popular in the short run even though they know are disastrous in the long run. I am 
sure you have heard of the saying, "No pain, no gain."
Democracies are incapable of delivering short term pain for long term gain. They tend to 
do the opposite, ie, deliver short term gain at the expense of long term pain. The 
growing government debt in the US and other democracies is a good example of this. To 
satisfy this present generation of voters, politicians are making future generations pay 
the bill. The unborn of course cannot vote. The result of one man one vote is higher 
taxes, interest rates, inflation rates and government spending.
Part of the problem is that there is a misalignment between the personal interests of the 
politicians with that of the country as a whole. The votrepreneurers want to get elected 
by hook or by crook. Sometimes, the policies he promotes are damaging in the long term 
even though popular in the short term. Of course, eventually, the chickens will come 
home to roost some day, but he won’t be in office by then!
If you ask me, I think the monarchies of the 19th century Europe were better 
macroeconomic managers than the democratically elected politicians of the 20th century. 
Statistics show that interest rates, taxes and inflation were on the whole lower. So was 
government debt as a share of the GDP. (2)
The reason is simple. The monarchs and nobles were confident of being in power for the 
rest of their lives and they wanted their sons to inherit the thrones of prosperous 
countries. So they tended to think more for the long term. It should also be added that 
most of the European monarchs of that era did not have absolute power and had to cater 
to popular opinion. If they provoke them too much, they will lose their heads - literally 
like Louis XVI.
This balance between royal prerogatives and popular pressure gave rise on the whole to 
better macroeconomic management. The former gave a long term perspective to decision 
making and the latter checked the power of the monarchs, preventing Saddam Hussein 
type leaders from emerging.
3) Democracy has a tendency to divide people
For votreprenuers to win power, they must at least pretend to fight for
the market segments of voters that they deem are sufficient to secure
victory on election day. Some will fight for one ethnic group or the other. Others fight for 
different income groups. Some try to court the lower income vote by promising 
unemployment benefits while others fight for the higher income groups by promising tax 
cuts.
Still others court the elderly voters. Then there are the social issues. Some are 
conservative and religious while others are secular and liberal. Thus we see rich pitted 
against the poor, liberals against the conservatives and racial groups against each other. 
There is no incentive for a votrepreneurs to take an overall view for the good of the 
country as a whole. He is constrained by his need for re-election to satisfy his voting 
base that sent him to office. The people will develop a 'me first' mentality without 
thinking about the good of the country as a whole.
Antagonism between economic classes and different ethnic groups can be exploited and 
turned into votes for the votrepreneurs. Instead of cooling the passions of the people, 
they are more likely to fan them so as to pose as their champions.
Often these lead to riots. In France this year, there were two riots - one economic in 
nature and the other racial though there was some overlap. In the first riot, people were 
protesting a new French law making it easier for employers to fire young workers on 
probation.
The second riot was racial and religious in nature. Ethnic North Africa minorities who are 
Muslim rioted for many days. Race, language and religion divide people into groups. The 
presence of each element increases tension. Tensions are at their greatest if all three 
elements are different between two groups and lowest if only one is present between two 
different groups.
But whether the tension level is high or low, it needs to be managed.
But instead of managing tensions, votreprenuers heighten them to win votes. Hitler won 
votes and power by unfairly blaming the Jews for Germany's problems. When dictator 
Tito was in power, Yugoslavia was in one piece with ethnic tensions well managed. But 
when democracy came to Yugoslavia, politicians posed as champions for their own ethnic 
groups by fanning grievances and demonising others. The result was a civil war.
Summing up, democracy suffers from three weaknesses - its penchant for redistributive 
policies, short-term thinking and ethnic discord. These weaknesses are already present in 
varying degrees in most mature democracies of the western world. At present, none are 
in danger of collapse. But as time goes by, the danger will grow.
In the case of America, there is a huge budget deficit that threatens to destabilise not 
only its economy but also the world economy, given America's share of the world GDP. Its 
growing minorities, both legal and illegal, have the potential to create discord if ethnic 
tensions are not properly managed.
But it is the Socialist countries like France -- with their combination of redistributive 
policies and ethnic tensions created by short-term thinking politicians -- that are in 
greatest danger of a collapse of democracy. France has a Muslim population amounting to 
10 per cent of its total population. The Muslims are of a different race, speak a different 
language and have a different religion than the other Frenchmen.
This makes the problem more serious than, say, the ethnic tensions between blacks and 
white in America where the only difference is one of race. Also, France has an 
unemployment rate of 10 per cent, with many of the unemployed being Muslims. The 
recent riots may be the first shots of a civil war. The day may not be far off for a French 
version of Adolf Hitler as ethnic tensions increase.
I foresee that European Muslims will within in the next 20 years demand autonomous 
regions in cities where sharia law rules. This will provoke the "classical" Europeans who 
feel their way of life being threatened and there will be a backlash. The people will fall 
prey to racists groups who of course will promise to defend their way of life. While it took 
a long time for Europeans to learn to settle their differences peacefully through the ballot 
box, this important lesson is slowly being unlearned. The lesson learned from the Danish 
cartoon affair is that violence pays.
Most western governments caved in by issuing apologies or condemning the cartoons 
instead of defending free speech. Soon groups that oppose immigration will turn to 
violence too. If European democracies cannot manage their ethnic tensions, democracy 
will break down, ushering in dictatorial rule.
How then should democracy be reformed? We must build a system that balances popular 
demands with long term thinking. There must also be a system that matches the right to 
vote with the amount of contribution the voter makes to society. If this sounds elitist, 
then I am in good company.
The early founding fathers of America were elitist too, especially men like Alexander 
Hamilton. They restricted voting to those with property, who were then the educated part 
of the population and who probably paid most of the taxes. Being men of property, they 
had a stake in the country's long term future and could be relied on to take a longer term 
view. Even as late as 1824, only 5 per cent of adult Americans could vote in the 
Presidential elections. (4)
Don't get me wrong. I am not advocating restricting voting to rich people. But I do 
advocate striking a proper balance between competing needs. I have thought out some 
reforms which I believe will improve the situation.
Firstly, I propose that the Senate or Upper House be comprised of people that are elected 
for life and their personal interests be more closely aligned with that of the nation. Once 
made a Senator, he is no longer subjected to popular pressures that produce short term 
thinking. The Senator can only be removed if he commits a crime or is incapacitated. The 
House of Representatives will continue as before and its members be subjected to 
periodic elections.
The elected Senators should be paid in accordance to his 'market rate'. This effectively 
means he should be paid the income he has to forgo as a result of going into politics. 
Salaries will be adjusted for economic growth. Bonuses will be given if certain economic 
benchmarks (eg unemployment, inflation, GDP growth) are attained. These benchmarks 
can be reviewed once every 10 years, say.
To further ensure long term thinking, his salary will continued to be paid into his estate 
for 10 years after his demise.
By making the Senate a life-time job, we ensure a balance between short term demands 
of the electorate and long term needs. We ensure a balance between the voters of today 
with the voters yet to be born. Our huge budget deficits and government debt is putting 
a burden on future generations who have no vote at present. It is unfair to saddle them 
with so much debt. Present voters are effectively taxing their children and grandchildren 
so that they can enjoy a profligate lifestyle.
The second proposal I have is that we make the vote transferable to other citizens. Each 
voter can buy or sell votes through an electronic marketplace for votes. The logic is like 
this. Votreprenuers are already buying votes with taxpayers' money by promising all 
sorts of government programs that will benefit this or that constituency. Why not allow 
the voters to do it directly without going through the middleman? Why can't voters buy 
votes when politicians are already doing that, in effect?
There will still be redistribution of income from the haves to the have-nots but without 
going through an often inefficient government bureaucracy. There will be tax savings 
from cutting out the middleman. This is what I think will happen in practice: The higher-
income groups will end up with more votes since they have money to spend. But so will 
groups passionate about certain causes.
They will use the votes to curb government spending and lower taxes to benefit 
themselves. They will also balance the budget because they know it is unsustainable and 
eventually ruinous to their stock and bond portfolios.
But the have-nots will be compensated with cash. After some trial and error, a balance 
will be reached in which the losses from government entitlement programs will be 
approximately equal to the sales proceeds of their votes. Without welfare spending, 
welfare bums will have more incentive to look for jobs and improve their skills - even 
after selling their votes.
It is time to subject the electoral process to some sort of market discipline which my 
proposal will allow. The end result is that the balance of power tilts more towards the 
above average. These members of society who for usually good reasons are better 
educated, more successful and generate more GDP per head.
They also are people who are more talented, more diligent, more focused on the long 
term. Successful people also tend to have more stable marriages. Under the present 
system, people who are more disciplined, contribute more to the country and work 
harder are taxed more to help those more indolent, more irresponsbile and contribute 
less.
Under the present system, votreprenuers have electoral incentives to market their 
services to another group of people - the old. Under the present system, retirees are 
supported by the state. In the US you have Social Security. This means that you no 
longer need your children to support you in your old age. The state will support you. In 
other words, you are relying on other people's children to support you.
But everybody has the same idea of relying on other people's children. Those who take 
the effort and money to raise good productive citizens are doing it for the benefit of 
others. They will be paying into Social Security and supporting some faceless strangers. 
The end result is that couples have fewer children and you end up with fewer working 
people to support retirees. This is happening not just in the US but also in other 
democracies.
It violates the millennium old practice of relying on our own offspring for our old age. It 
also violates a very good principle - you should be rewarded based on your own efforts. 
Relying on your own children for your old age may also have a beneficial effect on 
marriages as people have a financial incentive to maintain a harmonious household to 
raise their kids - since their own kids are their Social Security. People will think three 
times before they cheat on their spouses as this will endanger their marriages.
Under the present system, people who are very passionate with their issues and people 
who are apathetic on the issues have one vote each. Under my proposed changes, those 
who believe passionately in their issues be it the environment or abortion can pay for 
more votes.
People who are passionate on the issues tend to be better informed since they have done 
sufficient research and would vote more wisely than those who are apathetic on the 
whole electoral process. Even in an US Presidential election, usually less than 70% of 
eligible voters bother to vote. Those not interested might as well sell their vote to those 
who are interested. This proposal, I believe will shift the centre of gravity of the 
electorate to Mr Above Average, which should produce more intelligent government.
The third proposal is that the President's term of office be increased to a single term of 
eight years. This would free him from the need to seek re-election and permits him to 
think long term. Without worrying about re-election, it is in his self interest to ponder 
what history will say of him and this will result in better decision making.
To sum up, we should not become complacent about democracy's future. There are long 
festering and growing economic and ethnic problems which short term thinking 
votreprenuers cannot solve. With the rise of India and China (with their hardworking 
cheap labour), it is quite clear that the welfare state in Europe and to a lesser extent in 
America cannot be sustained.

