# 2.102 Not a war between capitalism and socialism but a cultural war between nationalism and internationalism

> 原文页码: 744-744

the Glücksburg or Bernadotte line. Other relevant alternatives are the Oldenburg line. 
Personally, I would prefer to genetically identify a suitable candidate from the Fairhair 
(Hårfagre) line. The suitable family would in this case be “coached” by a neighbouring 
and willing royal family for at least three years before a coronation could take place. 
We must assume that a one, perhaps two of our European royal families will betray their 
oath and reject our rule in the future after a coup. We must be prepared to implement a 
concise strategy which preserves European monarchies. 
2.102 Not a war between capitalism and socialism but a cultural war between 
nationalism and internationalism
European public welfare has a minor role regarding the ongoing suicide of Europe. This is 
primarily a cultural fight between nationalism (Monoculturalism) and internationalism 
(multiculturalism) and not an economical war between capitalism and socialism. 
Being right-wing and anti-Marxist does not mean you oppose the idea of a welfare state. 
The Tory Party in Great Britain introduced the first pensions and the first state medical 
care for the poor although it is commonly thought that the socialists did it. Bismarck also 
contributed significantly to create a welfare state and no one would call him a left winger. 
The brutal truth of the matter is the following; a welfare state will work perfectly well 
intertwined with capitalistic doctrines as long as the country is monocultural/the social 
cohesion level is at an acceptable level. A welfare state would never work in the US due 
to the lack of social cohesion, because they have large minority groups who are allowed 
parallel cultures, norms and ethics. 
Blindly opposing welfare is an American neo-Con doctrine and has nothing to do with 
nationalism. There are certain aspects of modern civilisation and common decency which 
require degrees of state welfare. It is the way it is legislated and managed which is 
crucial. Multiculturalism will always result in the destruction of any welfare system 
because the majority will eventually disallow excessive taxation in order to subsidise 
thousands or millions of poor people with parallel and quite frankly inferior cultures and 
ethics.
Many right wing Americans live under the illusion that they won the cold war simply 
because capitalism prevailed. Americans often forget to differentiate socialism/welfare 
with Marxist internationalism but these set of doctrines are two entirely different 
concepts. The ongoing European civil war is not a fight between capitalism and 
socialism/welfare. It is a cultural war between nationalism and internationalism. The 
European welfare systems have little to do with the current cultural and demographical 
suicide of Europe. The main issue here is the struggle between internationalism 

