# 2.100 Continued discussion on US-European relations

> 原文页码: 738-740

and worse is to come.
Less than eight years after the Jihadist attacks on the USA, a 
President raised as a Muslim with the middle name “Hussein” 
hails Islam’s great contributions to American and Western 
culture. The USA currently looks more like a defeated nation 
than the world’s sole remaining superpower. It’s the only nation 
in history where the majority of the population has elected a 
member of an organisation known for hating the majority 
population of that country.
My conclusion from 2008 still stands: Americans will soon have 
their hands full with problems of their own and will be in no 
position to assist anybody even if they wanted to. Europeans can and should maintain 
good relations and cooperate with ordinary North American citizens, who live under the 
same Multicultural regime as we do, but we cannot and should not rely on aid from the 
American elites. They are as hostile as the EU elites.
2.100 Continued discussion on US-European relations 
“But we cannot and should not rely on aid from the American elites”
It's never been at matter of choice for Europe to rely on aid from America. Since the 
world order installed in the wake of WWII it's been a matter of staying put and obeying 
to the world order. Any kind of European vitality has been suppressed under this 
American hegemony (see Serbia-Milosevic and Austria-Haider). You have already heard 
all the arguments about this from across the Atlantic: European nationalism is the root of 
all evil, European vitality will only lead to endless wars etc. And the American reverse of 
Obama is not much of a comfort. The more American nationalism grows, the more anti-
European and anti-Russian it becomes. Ralph Peters is a good example.
The Europe right-wing Americans see today and disdain is wholly a creation of America 
herself. The leaders of Europe are nothing but marionettes of the current America-led 
world order. But this insight has also more and more emerged among the right-wing 
Americans, now that the true face of (political) America manifestly come to its closure 
with Obama. But aren't there all these Americans who do not at all support Obama? Yes, 
and they are like Ralph Peters. 
The reason that we find a strong conservatism in America and not in Europe is that 
American conservatives are not at all conservative but liberals to the core; French 
Revolution egalitarians and PC addicts with fear of "racism", etc. European conservatism 
is of a essentially different kind, and totally unacceptable under the current world order. 
In the American mythology, which is the foundation for our current civilisational 
paradigm, the old pre-WWI Europe is the worst of the evils, much worse than 
Communism of fascism. After all Wilson and Roosevelt understood and respected Lenin 
and Stalin. It was the old (and vital!) Europe that was Satan itself in their eyes.
The current American troops in Germany
But these American delusions had to come to and end, and thank you Obama for 
executing it. As long as America has troops in Germany there is no choice for Europe 
about whom to rely on. By the voice of overwhelming military force we are just forced to 
stay put and shut up and keep our traitorous marionettes; since America sees European 
vitality as the most evil thing in this world, Germany will be the last place they will 
withdraw from. But at least the whole thing is in motion now.
It will be a chaos. After all America has shouldered the legacy of the British empire as the 
world police (Never as good since America has never been able to create order. Only to 
maintain it. Once it's been lost it's lost, because of America's perpetual impotence). But 
changes hurt, even good and necessary changes. 
“Europeans can and should maintain good relations and cooperate with ordinary North 
American citizens”
Agreed. But both Americans and Europeans have a lot to learn about their real roots and 
identity. We will go through many phases, of which the initial ones will be partially phony. 
America as a polity is scr*wed, and thank the gods for that. Americans as a people, 
though, has a substance to search back for. The same applies to Europeans. But unlike 
the Americans we have an advantage of having our nations readily available just under 
the surface of the prevailing delusion (the thing that the Obamas and Ralph Peters fear 
and think is the root of all evil in this world).
Further comment
What culpability do Europeans themselves share in the bullying by the United States? 
I've always believed that bullying requires the co-operation of the person being bullied. 
For example, recently a German friend was complaining to me about how GM wouldn't let 
Opel be bought by the Germans and made independent, at the behest of the US 
government. I remember thinking, "Well, stick up for yourselves!" Same thing with the 
Swiss banking issue recently. What if the Swiss simply said, "No, we like our banking 
laws just the way they are, thankyouverymuch," instead of changing them? 
What if Angela Merkel or her predecessors actually tried to get the US out of Germany? 
What's stopping her now, in light of limp-wristed Obama recently being elected?
America, the most powerful European country
America and Europe should not be seen as two separate and opposing entities, but two 
things in symbiosis. America is indeed a Christian European nation (in exile), and 
continuing the legacy of the European history of the Enlightenment. America is indeed 
the Empire of the Enlightenment; the Leftist Empire. And anyone being in doubt about 
such a statement should consider how America was the first European country to 
introduce a 100% income tax, and to elect someone raised as a Muslim to become 
president, etc. A Leftist empire will always be in denial about being an empire at all, as 
America evidently is.
And there we come to the second way in which Europeans are culpable. Europe found it 
very convenient to accept America as the new leader and its new role as the irresponsible 
teenager. Surely there is the trauma of the two world wars as a background for this. But 
there is even more the ideology from the Enlightenment. The Europeans accepted 
willingly to surrender to the American military, which has protected Europe ever since, is 
calling the shots and the setup of an "eternal" (organised) peace in Europe with no more 
wars. 
But these were entirely different Europeans than the ones that had been running the 
show up until WWI. This old ruling class had been wiped out in a collaboration between 
America and the ideological movements of European socialists/liberals.
For example, recently a German friend was complaining to me about how GM wouldn't let 
Opel be bought by the Germans and made independent, at the behest of the US 
government. I remember thinking, "Well, stick up for yourselves!"
You are speaking of traitorous European marionette leaders under the current world order. And of 
the most wing-clipped nation of them all: Germany. They will never stick up for themselves, i.e. for 
their people (under the current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime).
What if Angela Merkel or her predecessors actually tried to get the US out of Germany? 
What's stopping her now, in light of limp-wristed Obama recently being elected?
I always come back to Gaventa's power theory and his three levels (dimensions) of 
power, where at the third level the oppressee is not even conscious about being 
oppressed, and has no concept of her own self-interest. Angela Merkel, as the other 
European leaders, is fully caught in this Matrix. Germany even more so, since the anti-
German hatred by the "world community" won't accept even a teeny weeny sign of 
vitality from the Germans.
So as in any power relation, it all comes down to obeying the superior military might. 
That is, as long as there is this high military presence of American troops in Germany, 
Germany is afraid to do what is needed. America, being a Leftist Empire, is of course in 
denial about at all being an empire, and the oppressive nature of its actions, and how it’s 
all built on raw military power. So not only does Germany chose to obey the command of 
America, it has to pretend that it is a friendly relationship.
... we cannot and should not rely on aid from the American elites. They are as hostile as 
the EU elites.
And both of these traitorous groups deserve the same fate. Instead, it is more likely that 
the bulk of America's and Europe's citizenry will necessarily suffer Islam's continued 
predations until the tipping point is reached.
The tipping point will come when living with Muslims becomes more trouble than living 
without Muslims. You can bet the farm that this point will be reached. Islam assures this 
outcome and there is very little that Muslim nations can do to avert it. They have neither 
the strategic resources nor sufficiently developed military doctrine to prevail over an 
aroused and angry West.
The only variables that remain are exactly how many Westerners will have to die before 
the tipping point is reached and the number of Muslims that will die as a result of that 
tipping point being reached. Any delays only serve to up the butcher's bill on both sides.
Slow jihad is not invasive enough to overcome the West before it crosses the threshold of 

