# 2.101 Preserve or replace the European monarchies?

> 原文页码: 741-743

military reprisal for continuing Islamic atrocities. Islam's inherently radical nature 
prohibits the creation of any stasis or uneventful interregnum whereby slow jihad can 
prevail. 
Non-practising Muslims are incapable of preventing further terrorist atrocities and such 
heinous crimes will assuredly expand in scope so as to inevitably bring down the West's 
wrath upon Islam. Of that you can be sure.
2.101 Preserve or replace the European monarchies?
European constitutional monarchies: 
-
Belgium
-
Denmark
-
Luxembourg
-
The Netherlands
-
Norway
-
Spain 
-
Sweden
-
United Kingdom
How do the majority of cultural conservatives view the current state of the European 
royal families and their future? What is the attitude towards the institution of Monarchy in 
general? Does it have a future, perhaps even an extended role under a cultural 
conservative government? 
The constitution of most European countries declares that the various governments of 
Europe and the commander in chief of the military forces are vested in the specific king 
or queen. 
More democratic than republic
 
The king or queen of a country is more democratic than a president ever could be 
because he or she represents all citizens. An elected president would owe his selection to 
a political faction, and this would publicly divide him from many of his countrymen and 
would make his claim to represent "the people" less convincing. Frequent selections of 
presidents would interrupt the continuity essential for an effective head of a country. An 
elected president will always be partisan, whereas a monarch will not be. The king/queen 
and her heirs have been trained from birth for one vocation -- that of discharging the 
duties of sovereign of the country. Therefore, they are the only citizens fit to assume this 
important position.
Most of the world's democracies are constitutional monarchies, whereas the majority of 
undemocratic nations in the world are republics. Of course there are exceptions. Such 
nations as France, and the USA are democratic republics, but by far, the majority of 
republics are undemocratic. The residual powers of the King/Queen make the monarchy 
more democratic. The king/queen for example, has the power to dismiss a prime minister 
who is doing something illegal or is tampering with the democratic machinery in the 
country. Upon the dismissal, the king/queen can call a quick election to promote 
democracy. 
Monarchical Government
  
Constitutional monarchy alone is capable of integrating the executive, legislative and 
judicial functions of government. The crown's authority lends a universal legitimacy to 
the many particular decisions made by and at different levels of government. 
Constitutional monarchy allows the celebration of public social events, such as the 
marking of collective anniversaries and the bestowal of honours, theoretically at least to 
be free of the taint of partisan politics. In a world of rapid social change, where there is a 
price to be paid for uncertainty, be that price only economic, constitutional monarchy 
provides continuity, especially at time of political transition. As well, the monarchy gives 
each country a distinctive political system at a time of strong international trade, social 
and cultural influences.
Monarchy for the 21st Century
  
Most of the stable and prosperous democracies in the world today are constitutional 
monarchies. On the other hand, most of the unstable countries in the contemporary 
world are republics, many of which have overthrown their monarchies. There is a sense 
of easy communication between monarchy and people, which politicians by nature are 
unable to develop. Citizens participate fully in their king or queens life; they are involved 
in their activities during home-comings and through the media. The colour and ceremony 
which surround the monarchy attract the interest of the citizens, especially young people, 
in our process of government. Through their office and person, the king/queen reflects a 
civilised cultural character that embodies nationalism.
When Monarchies themselves start to propagate multiculturalism and 
Islamisation 
A majority of European cultural conservatives are royalists (I would say perhaps 70% or 
more). However, in recent decades many are increasingly annoyed by certain factors. 
Recent developments confirm that some of our royal families (some more than others) 
are not acting in the interest of their country and people but instead choose a line of 
appeasement and acceptance towards new multicultural and politically correct doctrines 
without as much as criticising this new political line. The European Christian monarchs 
are in fact Christian heads of state and have a responsibility to at least criticise the 
continuous de-Christianisation of their respective countries. Yet, they do not. The 
European Christian monarchs are in fact the leaders (at least symbolically) of European 
civilisation and should be on the forefront to criticise the evil European hate-ideology 
known as multiculturalism which sole purpose is to destroy European traditions, cultures, 
identities, Christendom, and nation-states. They openly rejected another hate-ideology 
(National Socialism) so why do they support multiculturalism so vividly? Is it just bad 
judgment or is it treason?
Will the European monarchies survive the civil war?
To turn the problematic around: if multiculturalism is allowed to play its course 
everything European will slowly erode, the monarchy included. A country with a majority 
of Muslims will never accept a Christian monarch and will most likely support a republic 
or at least demand that the king/queen convert or become an atheist. As for the survival 
of the European monarchies throughout phase 1 through 3 it really depends on which 
family you are referring to. There are a few families that are quite cultural conservative 
(the Danish and Spanish house is worth noting) while other families seem to support a 
cultural Marxist political direction. The British and Norwegian royal house in particular 
seem to support and cheer a cultural Marxist line (multiculturalism). They seem to have 
no objection against the ongoing destruction of European traditions, cultures, identities, 
Christendom, and nation-states. They have chosen to be very accommodating towards 
the cultural Marxist elites. As an illustration; the British Royal family has built an Islamic 
prayer room in the Royal castle after pressure from the Labour Party and other 
multiculturalist parties.
As we all know the monarchy has a very important function in European societies. It 
should uphold and be an embodiment of the traditions and values of the country. In 
Britain the House of Lords remained after the constitutional monarchy was formed to 
ensure the preservation of such traditions and values from generation to generation 
through the family lines of their members. When Tony Blair got rid of the system of 
hereditary peers sitting in the House of Lords, supposedly in the name of democracy, he 
did it to undermine these traditions and values, and replaced the hereditary peers with 
sycophants and several Muslims. Baroness Warsi, for example, is a Muslim of Pakistani 
parentage.
Sadly, the Queen has stood by and watched all this happen without breathing a word in 
opposition. One must therefore consider that this is for either one of two reasons:
1. She is afraid that she will be the next to go.
2. She is aiding and abetting the destruction of British values and traditions.
Either way, she no longer does the job she is supposed to do and therefore should be 
replaced. There would, in fact, already be a historical precedence for such a replacement 
in the "Glorious Revolution" of 1688. Queen Margarethe of Denmark on the other hand 
has had the courage to speak out against the Islamisation of Europe. 
The cultural conservative strategy ahead
As mentioned, a large majority of cultural conservatives are royalists. We want to 
preserve a monarchy that upholds its sacred oath as protector and be an embodiment of 
the traditions and values of the country. The Royal families that willingly and even gladly 
support the European hate-ideology known as multiculturalism will be replaced as soon 
as we, the cultural conservatives, seize power. There might even be a scenario where a 
monarch (supportive of cultural Marxism) decides to flee the country and chooses to 
reject our cultural conservative rule. In this case, he or she will be replaced with the next 
appropriate candidate in line of succession that is willing to continue to support European 
values and traditions.   
Britain has a relatively large line of succession so it will not prove to be that challenging 
to find suitable candidates (cultural conservative). However, it might prove a lot more 
difficult in countries like Norway where there are limited candidates. Christian Frederik 
Carl Georg Valdemar Aksel was a Danish prince that was elected to be the King of 
Norway in the period 1905-1957 under the name Haakon VII. He was a member of the 
House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg abbreviated the Glücksburg 
dynasty. An alternative would be to select a cultural conservative candidate from either 

