# 2.82 Christianity, Pros and Cons

> 原文页码: 674-675

Western cousins, although this will soon change as they are indoctrinated by the EU. Is 
there a connection between the fall of the USSR and the rise of the EUSSR, as former 
Soviet dissident Vladimir Bukovksy[1] has indicated? Have we entered the Cold War, part 
2? I notice how many former Marxists now passionately support multiculturalism and 
mass immigration, and listened to one prominent Communist “intellectual” in my country 
attack free speech as a concept a few days ago. Could the European Union ever have 
been a good idea, or was it flawed from its very inception? That’s something to ponder. 
I’m willing to consider the possibility that something “went wrong” with the EU at some 
point, but right now I’m leaning towards the conclusion that the EU has always been a 
flawed institution. Most of us just didn’t see it for what it was.
Lastly, I will focus on Milton Friedman, who along with F. Hayek is one of the villains of 
Klein’s book. According to her, Friedman has stated that “only a crisis — actual or 
perceived — produces real change. When that crisis occurs, the actions that are taken 
depend on the ideas that are lying around. That, I believe, is our basic function: to 
develop alternatives to existing policies, to keep them alive and available until the 
politically impossible becomes politically inevitable.” Friedman believes that during a 
crisis, we only have a brief window of opportunity before society slips back into the 
“tyranny of the status quo,” and that we need to use this opportunity or lose it.
This is actually very good advice, and it’s in my view the strategy Western survivalists 
should now follow. When I first started blogging I was concerned with how we could “fix 
the system.” I’ve gradually come to the conclusion that the system cannot be fixed, and 
perhaps shouldn’t be fixed. Not only does it have too many enemies, it also has too many 
internal contradictions. If we define the “system” as mass immigration from alien 
cultures, globalism, multiculturalism and suppression of free speech in the name of 
“tolerance,” then this is going to collapse. It’s inevitable.
The goal of Western survivalists — and that’s what we are — should not be to “fix the 
system,” but to be mentally and physically prepared for its collapse, and to develop 
coherent answers to what went wrong and prepare to implement the necessary remedies 
when the time comes. We need to seize the window of opportunity, and in order to do so, 
we need to define clearly what we want to achieve.
What, exactly, is Western civilisation? What went wrong with it, and how can we survive 
and regenerate as a vulnerable minority in an increasingly hostile world?
Let the debate begin.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/strategy-of-western-survivalists.html
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
2.82 Christianity, Pros and Cons
By Fjordman
Blogger Vanishing American[1] continues what is gradually becoming one of the most 
important discussions of our age: What role does, or should, Christianity play in Western 
civilisation? Is it the bedrock of our culture[2], as Robert Spencer of Jihad Watch thinks, 
and is our decline associated with abandoning it? Or is Christianity, as John Derbyshire 
puts it[3], a religion for once and future slaves, an ideology that is now fueling globalist 
ideals and undermining our borders through mass immigration?
The Christian-non-Christian divide is perhaps the most difficult divide to overcome within 
the West today. I’m struggling with this myself. Some of the criticism of Christianity, or at 
least the way many Western Christians are behaving now, is legitimate. I have heard 
Catholics claim that multiculturalism and Political Correctness are tied to Protestant 
culture. I’m willing to consider that possibility. There are significant doctrinal differences 
between Catholics and Protestants regarding redemption and the sinful nature of man. 
Maybe some of this is tied to the Protestant concept of “salvation through Faith alone.” 
However, when it comes to just plain old-fashioned dhimmitude and abandoning national 
borders, Catholics are at least as bad as Protestants.
The Second Vatican Council from the 1960s was good for reaching out to Christians of 
other denominations, Protestant and Orthodox, and for reaching out to Jews. The 
problematic aspect is in relations to Islam. The big Achilles’ heel of Christians in general, 
and of Jews, when confronted with Islam is the idea of a “shared community of 
monotheists worshiping the God of Abraham.” As long as this myth is maintained, 
Christianity can actually in certain situations be a bridge for Islam to enter the West, 
rather than a bulwark against it. I have seen more than once Christians making common 
cause with Muslims as “men of faith” against the godless forces of secularism. I notice, 
however, that Christians hardly ever do the same with, say, Hindus, so it must have 
something to do with a shared sense of monotheism.
Christianity is growing fast in South Korea. It is interesting to see how newly converted 
Christians react in non-Western nations. I’ve been critical of Christianity sometimes 
because it is one of the impulses behind the Western inability to protect our borders, and 
it is. But it is Christianity within a specific cultural-ideological context that reacts like this. 
Koreans don’t have the same problem, as far as I know. Nor did we, until the 1960s and 
70s. So what changed? It can’t all be related to Christianity, can it?
As vanishing American writes[4]:
These days we hear so many arguments against Christianity, such as from the 
‘proselytising atheists’ like Dawkins and Hitchens, and then we hear the arguments from 
the secular right which attack Christianity for being too pacifistic. The atheists claim that 
Christianity fomented violence, and that it is as militant and bloodthirsty as Islam, or in 
fact worse, and on the other side, we hear that Christianity is a religion of slaves, which 
weakens and emasculates the West. So Christianity gets it from both sides; it’s too 
militant, it causes wars and persecutions, and at the same time, it's a religion that turns 
men into milquetoast pacifists. Does this make any sense?
Christianity contains elements of both militancy and pacifism, but it is not one or the 
other. […] We know that our forefathers did not believe Christianity commanded them to 
be pacifists, or to erase borders and nations. To assert that they, for centuries, were 
wrong and that we are the first generation to really understand Christianity and the Bible 
is arrogant in the extreme. If anything, we today, on the average, are far more ignorant 
than our ancestors where the Bible and the faith are concerned. If anybody is wrongly 
handling the word of God, it is likely to be us, not our forefathers. Their brains were at 
least not addled by nonsense and Political Correctness, and I trust the consensus of our 
forefathers through the centuries rather than the consensus among today’s compromised 
generation.
In a comment on VA’s blog one of his readers writes[5]:
I used to be a devout, practicing Christian. Today, I cannot recognise myself in any brand 
of Christianity currently available. Nor am I alone. Many of my friends tell me: “I can't 
enter any church now without having to leave my brain at the door.”

