# 2.83 The Church – Part of the Problem or Part of the Solution?

> 原文页码: 676-680

 
In this regard, the evangelist, fundamentalist churches are no better than the liberal 
ones. I once attended a presentation at a nearby Pentecostal church about Third World 
poverty. The cause? Lack of infrastructure. All we had to do was dig deeper into our 
pockets and the problem would be solved.
 
I’m sorry to say this but the cause is deeply rooted and largely intractable, at least in the 
short term. We will not help the world’s poor by welcoming them to our shores. We will 
simply destroy ourselves in the process.
 
John Derbyshire is more right than wrong. Yes, medieval Christianity had no qualms 
about resisting invaders, but medieval Christians (as Protestants love to point out) had 
adulterated their faith with pagan beliefs. Over the past few centuries, Christianity has 
stripped itself of its pagan accretions. In the process, it has become as much a threat to 
ourselves and our loved ones as Marxism used to be, if not more so.
 
That sounds like a harsh judgment. It is.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2383
1. http://vanishingamerican.blogspot.com/
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/017941.php
3. http://pajamasmedia.com/2007/08/christianity_good_islam_bad.php
4. http://vanishingamerican.blogspot.com/2007/08/which-christianity-part-ii.html
5. http://vanishingamerican.blogspot.com/2007/08/which-christianity.html
2.83 The Church – Part of the Problem or Part of the Solution?
By Fjordman
Although not a religious person myself, I am usually in favor of a revitalisation of 
Christianity in Europe[1]. However, I sometimes have my doubts when I see how many, 
too many, church leaders consistently end up on the wrong side of issues related to Islam 
and Muslim immigration.
Bat Ye’or[2] claims that dhimmitude[3] in the Middle East has often progressed because 
Christian leaders have sold out their own people, either for short-term personal gains or 
in the mistaken belief that they have a “shared religious heritage” with Muslims. It is also 
frequently Christian leaders and bishops in the West[4] who are calling for open 
borders[5] for poor, destitute Muslims because “it is the Christian thing to do.”
The Protestant Lutheran Church in the German city of Hannover organised an exhibition 
to acquaint the Germans with Islam. The exhibition, entitled “The Faces of Islam[6],” was 
the work of the female students of the Protestant Studies Institute in Aachen. On Palm 
Sunday in 2006, a Protestant church in Bochum, Germany celebrated Muhammad’s 
birthday[7] and invited the local Turkish community to attend the service. A Turkish 
music band played Sufi music during the service, in which Protestants and Muslims joined 
together in honour of Muhammad.
In the UK, church leaders wanted to invite the families of the London suicide bombers[8] 
to a national memorial service in honour of the victims. Two senior Church of England 
bishops believed that extending the invitation to the bombers’ families would 
acknowledge their own loss and send a powerful message of reconciliation to the Muslim 
community. Dr John Sentamu, the Archbishop of York, urged the nation to unite and turn 
would-be suicide bombers into friends by building “an inclusive circle of love[9].”
The same Archbishop has also said that British Christians should see Muslims as allies in 
the struggle against secularism[10]. A number of Christian, and some Jewish, leaders 
shared this point of view both during the death threats against Salman Rushdie and 
during the Danish cartoon Jihad.
Meanwhile, in Indonesia, about 10,000 Christians have been killed[11] between 1998 
and 2003 and about 1,000 churches have been burnt down by Muslim mobs. The radicals 
want Indonesia to be the foundation of a Southeast Asian caliphate[12] that will launch 
Jihad against other nations such as Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines and Australia 
until they submit to Islam. In the Indonesian province Aceh, where sharia law officially 
prevails, Muslim mobs razed a church in response to a forged (by a Muslim) 
advertisement inviting Muslims to a Christian revival service. Witnesses said there were 
over 100 Muslim men present[13], many of them carrying swords. They poured gasoline 
over the building and set fire to it.
Why this aggressive reaction? According to Islamic law, Christians and Jews (not other 
religious groups) can live in an area dominated by Muslims, but only if they accept their 
status as second-rate citizens, dhimmis. This implies many restrictions, such as never 
trying to convert or preach to Muslims, never to have a relationship with a Muslim 
woman and never to say anything insulting about Islam or Muhammad. If even one 
single person breaches any of these conditions, the entire dhimmi community will be 
punished, and Jihad resumes. Notice that while Muslims, following each case of Islamic 
terrorism, are quick to say that not all Muslims should be punished for the actions of a 
few, this is precisely what sharia prescribes for non-Muslims.
What’s worse is that in practice, as in this case from Indonesia, attacks on non-Muslims 
can be triggered by unconfirmed rumours, personal grudges by Muslims or outright lies. 
In reality, this means that all non-Muslims will live with a constant, internalised fear of 
saying or doing anything that could insult Muslims, which would immediately set off 
physical attacks against them and their children. This state of constant fear is called 
dhimmitude. Many Middle Eastern, Pakistani and Indonesian Christians know that as a 
matter of survival, they must say one thing in public and another in private. They are 
held hostage in their own countries[14].
In Egypt, a film depiction[15] of someone converting to Islam and then becoming 
disillusioned with his new religion was enough to bring more than 5,000 protestors to the 
church, get a nun stabbed and three people killed. Muslims interpreted it as a breach of 
the traditional Islamic law mandating death for anyone who leaves Islam, and of the old 
dhimmi laws forbidding non-Muslims to proselytise.
Bishop Armia of the Coptic Church in Egypt, which predates the 7th century Arab 
invasion and preserves the last remainder of the language of the ancient pharaohs, 
assured that “Copts would never tolerate anyone insulting Islam.” Coptic Pope Shenouda 
III, knowing fully well that any provocation could mean mayhem and murder for his 
fellow Copts, has reiterated that[16] “any remarks which offend Islam and Muslims are 
against the teachings of Christ.”
Several recent incidents have demonstrated that Muslims are now trying to apply these 
dhimmi rules to the entire Western world. The most important one was the burning of 
churches and embassies triggered by the Danish cartoons depicting Muhammad. This 
was, down to the last comma, exactly the way Muslims would treat the persecuted non-
Muslims in their own countries. The cartoon Jihad indicated that Muslims now felt strong 
enough to apply sharia rules to Denmark, and by extension NATO. Hardly anybody in the 
mainstream Western media made any attempts to explain this to the public.
In another case, angry protests raged across the Muslim world over a Newsweek 
magazine report[17] that interrogators at the U.S. military prison Guantanamo Bay had 
put the Koran on toilets, and in at least one case flushing it down. The escalating violence 
prompted Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to urge Muslims to resist calls for violence. 
“Disrespect for the Holy Koran is abhorrent to us all,” she said. Newsweek later retracted 
their original article, which was found to be baseless.
In November 2002, days before the Miss World pageant in Nigeria, a Nigerian newspaper 
published an article in which the writer suggested that Islam’s prophet, Muhammad, 
would have approved the pageant and would have chosen a wife amongst the 
contestants. The article sparked a Jihad riot in which over 200 people were killed and 
thousands injured. The next day, the newspaper published an apology. The president of 
Nigeria went on national television and condemned the newspaper. He said, “It could 
happen anytime irresponsible journalism is committed against Islam.”
As one African observer later noted[18] about the Newsweek story, the reaction of the 
White House in the United States was largely similar to that a Third World president gave 
when faced with the same challenge. For Muslims, the world’s only remaining superpower 
appeared to play the role of dhimmis.
Bishop Artemije, the spiritual leader of Kosovo’s beleaguered Serbs[19], has warned 
against Western support for an independent state in the province, where Muslim 
Albanians greatly outnumber Christian Serbs and have destroyed many churches and 
monasteries under the auspices of NATO soldiers. The Bishop warns that independence 
would reward ethnic cleansing of non-Muslims. Since 9-11, he said, “the United States 
has been engaged in a global struggle against jihad terrorism, which threatens not just 
America but peaceful people of all faiths and nationalities. That is why we who live in the 
Serbian province of Kosovo and Metohija find it difficult to understand why so many 
voices of influence in Washington support a course of action that would hand to the 
terrorists a significant victory in Europe.”
While Muslims responded with deadly outrage to the now-retracted report by Newsweek 
of alleged Koran desecration, there was little outcry when Islamic gunmen in 2002 holed 
up in Bethlehem’s Church of the Nativity, assumed to be the birthplace of Jesus Christ, 
used the Bible as toilet paper[20]. About 30 priests, monks and nuns, and more than 150 
Palestinian civilians, who hid inside to escape a gun battle between Israelis and 
Palestinians, remained inside the church with the armed militants for more than five 
weeks. Some of the Palestinian fighters, who belonged to the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, 
part of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat’s Fatah organisation, were received as heroes 
when they later returned to Gaza.
During the so-called Oslo peace process from the mid 1990s, while Palestinian authorities 
received financial support from Western nations, Arafat increased the boundaries of 
Bethlehem to include nearby Muslim villages, and encouraged Muslims to settle in the 
city[21]. As a result, the percentage of Christians rapidly declined.
The Islamic gunmen were also responsible for the rape and murder of two Christian 
teenage sisters[22]. The assailants claimed that the sisters had been murdered because 
they were “prostitutes” and had been “collaborating” with Israeli security forces. “The 
gangsters murdered the two sisters so that they would not tell anyone about the rape,” 
said a family member. “Many Christian families have sent their daughters abroad for fear 
they would come under attack by Muslim men.” “Some of the murderers were later killed 
by the Israeli army, but others are now living in Europe after they had sought refuge in 
the Church of Nativity. It’s absurd that Muslim men who rape and murder Christian girls 
are given political asylum in Christian countries like Ireland, Spain and Italy.”
The irony is that the same sexual harassment and rape of non-Muslim women, part and 
parcel of Jihad, is now spreading to cities in Western Europe[23] with many Muslim 
immigrants[24].
Professor Weiner, Scholar in Residence at the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs, 
provides an in-depth look[25] into the nearly uninterrupted persecution of Christians 
throughout the decade since the Oslo peace process began. The Christians have shrunk 
to less than 1.7 percent of the population in the Palestinian areas. “Tens of thousands 
have abandoned their holy sites and ancestral properties to live abroad, while those who 
remain do so as a beleaguered and dwindling minority,” Weiner said. “Their plight is, in 
part, attributable to the adoption of Muslim religious law (sharia) in the constitution of 
the Palestinian Authority. Moreover, the Christians have been abandoned by their 
religious leaders who, instead of protecting them, have chosen to curry favor with the 
Palestinian leadership.”
More than 500 Muslim men, chanting Allahu akbar, attacked the Christian village of 
Taiba[26] east of Ramallah. “They poured kerosene on many buildings and set them on 
fire. Many of the attackers broke into houses and stole furniture, jewelry and electrical 
appliances,” said one resident. The attack was triggered by the murder of a Muslim 
woman from the nearby village of Deir Jarir. Her family forced her to drink poison for 
having had a romance with a Christian man from Taiba. Muslim men can marry Christian 
women, but Islamic law forbids Muslim women from marrying Christian men. The 
Christian community was thus collectively punished because it was rumoured that one of 
their members had breached the rules of dhimmitude.
In a meeting attended by Robert Spencer, former Soviet dissident Natan Sharansky 
noted[27] that Israel had again and again aided Christians – at their own request – 
against Islamic violence and injustice, most notably when the Church of the Nativity was 
occupied by Jihadists in 2002. Yet international Christian leaders, he said, have not 
responded with similar gestures toward Israel. He is right. While Christians are 
persecuted on a daily basis in Muslim nations and may soon be wiped out in the Holy 
Land, Christian organisations in the West are too frequently engaged in “dialogue” with 
Muslims and demonisation of Israel. Christians need to realise that they have much more 
in common with other non-Muslims, not just Jews, but Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists and 
Atheists, than they will ever have with Muslims. Jussi Halla-Aho, running for parliament in 
Finland as an independent candidate, has come to some of the same conclusions[28] as I 
have regarding the Leftist-Islamic cooperation in many Western nations: The Left milks 
the working natives to maintain a predominantly idle immigrant population, who 
thankfully vote for the Left. The welfare state society thus has to support two parasites, 
each living in a symbiotic relationship with the other. This will eventually cause the 
system to collapse. Why would anyone support a policy that leads to certain destruction? 
Well, because a career politician never sets his sights 20, 50 or 100 years to the future 
but instead focuses on the next election. The short-term focus of our democratic system 
can thus, combined with Muslim immigration, turn into a fatal flaw.
But Halla-Aho asks an even more important question: “Why do the voters let all this 
happen? It is because Westerners like to be ‘good’ people and believe that their fellow 
men are equally good people. It is because they have humane values.” “It is because the 
moral and ethical values of Western man have made him helpless in the face of 
wickedness and immorality.”
Our Western “moral and ethical values” are profoundly influenced by Judeo-Christian 
thinking. Will our openness to outsiders, our democratic system and our Christian 
compassion, precisely the values that we cherish the most, render the West incapable of 
withstanding Jihad? A good Christian has to turn the other cheek and love his enemies. 
How are we to reconcile this with the reality that Muslims regard this as a sign of 
weakness? And how can we fight sharia when bishops and church leaders are the first to 
call for a “compassionate” immigration policy that allows masses of Muslims to settle 
here? Christians argue that Europe’s problem is a cultural vacuum[29] created by the 
retreat of church attendance and Christianity as a religion, which has paved the way for 
Islam to enter. They have a point, as I have shown before. But some Christian groups are 
opening the West to Islam, too, and the secular state doesn’t have to be insipid and 
toothless. Far from it, it was secular states that fought and defeated the Fascist regimes 
during WW2 and risked the destruction of the planet in the Cold War. The non-religious 
authorities in China are far more ruthless in crushing any Islamic aggression than most 
Christian countries are. Of course, the downside is that they are far more ruthless in 
crushing anything deemed to be a potential challenge to their power.
Luckily, not all Christian leaders are appeasers of Islam. One of the intelligent ones 
comes from Australia, a country that has been fairly resistant to Political Correctness. 
They have taken serious steps towards actually enforcing their own borders, despite the 
predictable outcries from various NGOs and anti-racists, and Prime Minister John Howard 
has repeatedly proven to be one of the most sensible leaders in the Western world. 
George Cardinal Pell[30], Archbishop of Sydney, tells of how September 11 was a wake-
up call for him personally[31]:
“I recognised that I had to know more about Islam.” “In my own reading of the Koran, I 
began to note down invocations to violence. There are so many of them, however, that I 
abandoned this exercise after 50 or 60 or 70 pages.” “The predominant grammatical form 
in which jihad is used in the Koran carries the sense of fighting or waging war.” “Considered 
strictly on its own terms, Islam is not a tolerant religion and its capacity for fear-reaching 
renovation is severely limited.” “I’d also say that Islam is a much more war-like culture 
than Christianity.” “I’ve had it asserted to me is that in the relationship between the Islamic 
and non-Islamic world, the normal thing is a situation of tension if not war, or outright 
hostility.”
Pope Benedict XVI, nicknamed “God’s rottweiler” as a cardinal, seems to embody 
elements of both the sensible and the silly Christian ways of dealing with the Islamic 
threat. Although Benedict has stressed the need for “reciprocity” in Christian-Muslim 
relations and urged Islamic countries to ensure religious rights for Christian migrants, he 
has also said that Christians should continue welcoming Muslim immigrants[32] with 
open arms.
It caused an uproar in the Islamic world when Benedict XVI, as a part of a longer 
dissertation, quoted a 14th century Byzantine emperor’s hostile view[33] of Islam’s 
founder: “Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new, and there you will find 
things only evil and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he 
preached.” Benedict later said he was “deeply sorry” for the reaction to his comments on 
Islam and that the quote he used from the medieval text about holy wars did not reflect 
his personal thoughts. Although this technically constitutes a non-apology apology and 
was deemed “unsatisfactory” by Muslims, many anti-Jihadists would have preferred the 
Pope to use the opportunity to make a clearer stand against Islamic aggression.
Still, his comments raised public debate about the issue, and certainly marked progress 
compared to his predecessor Pope John Paul II, who kissed the Koran in public in an 
effort to reach out to Muslims.
I have described examples of incredible stupidity and appeasement from Christians in the 
West, but also of courage and clarity of mind in standing up to Islamic aggression and 
defending Western civilisation and the world from sharia. The ideological civil war within 
the West is not just between secularists and religious people; it runs straight through the 
Church itself.

