# 2.85 A future Christian identity for Europe?

> 原文页码: 684-687

"Quite a large proportion of the population does not derive any self-respect from having to 
work for a living because some people are no better off if they work than if they do not 
work [due to the welfare state]." They "do not feel they belong to any larger project than 
their private lives. (…) I am not myself religious. However, I am not anti-religious. I am 
pro-religion provided that it is not theocratic, so long as there is still a division between 
church and state."
Dalrymple also believes[12] that "Discipline without freedom leads to misery, but 
freedom without discipline leads to chaos, shallowness, and misery of another kind," 
alluding to the total lack of freedom in Islam, but also to the seeming lack of direction in 
the West. 
I agree with Harris and Dalrymple: As long as there is separation between religion and 
state, those of us who don't have any religious belief should prefer religions which tend 
to create reasonable and prosperous communities. Our traditional Judeo-Christian 
religions have proven this capability. Islam never has, and probably never will. As 
Australia's Cardinal George Pell[13] says, "some seculars are so deeply anti-Christian, 
that anyone opposed to Christianity is seen as their ally. That could be one of the most 
spectacularly disastrous miscalculations in history."
Indeed it could. Maybe if Western Multiculturalists get their will, and Islam does conquer 
parts of the West, they will discover that the new religion is infinitely worse than the old 
one. Of course, by then it will be too late.
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013705.php
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013179.php
2. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/articles/news/news.html?in_article_id=411846&in_page_id=1770
3. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Hylland_Eriksen
4. http://www.document.no/weblogg/archives/010192.html
5. http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2006/09/23/477597.html
6. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007124.php
7. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/010004.php
8. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/09/what-is-nature-of-multiculturalism.html
9. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1192
10. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/736fyrpi.asp?pg=1
11. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1345
12. http://www.city-journal.org/html/eon2006-03-13td.html
13. http://ncronline.org/mainpage/specialdocuments/Pelltranscript.htm
14. http://48.871.2.310plusf65:JEockwk658246375668ЊБ
2.85 A future Christian identity for Europe?
By Kyle Spotswood
Most commentators understand ‘Politics’ as the pursuit of power within a given 
relationship. Politics it is said is the art of this world, and the science of society, Robert 
Hutchins defined politics as: ‘the architectonic science, which determines what shall be 
studied in the state.’ For us politics shall be as David Martin explains: ‘the arena within 
which authority, violence, cohesion, and the maintenance of boundaries are 
conspicuously at play’. ‘Religion’ is understood by most commentators as being a generic 
term referring to ways of life other than the Liberal Modern, such as, ‘Christianity’ and 
‘Islam’ et cetera. However, as we have discussed earlier, ‘religion’, is a practice within the 
much larger worldview of Christianity. As Christianity is a way of life, and life involves 
power relationships, Christianity is at once a political way of life. One can not separate 
out ones politics from ones faith and beliefs, they are intertwined as ones beliefs effects 
ones politics. Thus, within the Christian worldview, there is no separation of ‘Christianity’ 
and ‘politics’, as distinct spheres, ‘politics’ is but another sphere of the way of life that is 
Christianity. Politics is subsumed within Christianity. 
Within Christian political thought there has been traditionally a distinction, if not a 
separation, of the institution of the state and the institution of the church. Ironically, this 
distinction Liberal Secular Democracies inherited from a Christian political entity called 
‘Christianitas,’ more commonly known as Christendom. The distinction was made to safe 
guard the institutional church from being interfered with by the kings, (and other leading 
members of the laity) in its appointment of Bishops and clergy. The idea of ‘secular’ and 
‘religious’, referred to the power of the king and bishops in their respective spheres and 
execution of duties, one concerned with the temporal and profane, the other with the 
spiritual and sacred. The church to bring men to salvation, and the state to create 
Christian peace, order and justice: the best environment in which the church can perform 
its task. The state had the extra role of defending the church from pagans, infidels, 
heathens and helping to suppress heretics. (Much like Liberal Modernity suppresses 
Nazism, Radical Islam, Communism, Dictators, Despots, and let’s not forget Christianity, 
when these ideologies take root in a society and it is no longer in its best interest to 
support them!) There are various Christian political theories which outline how the state 
and the church should relate; just to list some of them. (I should note that the 
explanation that I am about to give has in it an ecumenical reading, which one may not 
see looking at these formulations within their particular historical context) there is idea 
of:
Concordat: where the state and the church as two separate entities agree boundaries 
between the two and separate spheres of responsibility. This assumes the state is willing 
to recognise the church in some way but is not necessarily Christian.
Erastianism: where it is postulated that if everyone in a given society is Christian then 
the state should control the church. This assumes a completely Christianised society.
Establishment: this is where within a given state the church is given preference above 
that of other faiths, though they may be tolerated to some degree. This assumes a 
context of some diversity in matters of beliefs.
Symphony: Where the leaders of the state and the leaders of the church and state 
submit to one another in matters regarding their distinct spheres, one with the salvation 
of the soul and the other with regards to the running of secular affairs. This assumes a 
Christian society.
Caesero-Papism: Where a Christian monarch rules the state in matters of religious 
organisation as he rules in matters of secular organisation, though this is not to do with 
matters of faith but rather structure. This assumes at least a Christian monarch.
Christendom: Where the state and the church work jointly to govern society in there 
separate spheres but where the church takes a lead in the direction of secular affairs 
including governments.
We should note however that these approaches are more concerned with the idea of how 
the institution of the church and the institution of the state should relate, they each 
assume a predominantly Christian society with the exception of concordat which assumes 
at best an ambivalent state. 
Our discussion however will begin at a slightly different nuance concerned with Christian 
politics, identity and a Christian political agenda in a modern world, which is a subtly 
different discussion to ones with which the above are concerned. It begins with the 
assumption of ‘the one ecumenical catholic church militant’ in the setting of a non-
Christian world or post Christian world with varying degrees of hostility to its existence.
Christianity has increasingly become perceived as being linked by some, to a bygone 
culture, having already lost its political direction, cohesion, and influence. The wall that 
both Martin Luther and Thomas Jefferson spoke of has switched, in modern times it is no 
longer a means by which the Church defends its rights and position over the state, as in 
pre-modern times, but rather how the state increases its power over the Church. 
Historically there have always been tensions between the powers secular and the powers 
religious, which in times gone by through the prides of men resulted in out right conflict 
between the two; however, with the emergence of the modern secular state and its 
incumbent ‘ideology of reason’. This ‘wall’, has become the means via which the state has 
secured power away from the church and is challenging the identity of Christians as well. 
Attacking our beliefs and values and presenting modern liberal alternatives in short all 
that makes us who we are as Christians by presenting alternatives with the assumption 
that these alternatives are better and the polemical engagement of the ‘enlightenment’ 
elite. The Liberal Moderns command the heights of the wall. This process is called 
differentiation: where the state, driven by the ‘ideology of reason’, ‘the religion of 
humanity’, or more simply - Liberal Modernity, seized what were once church roles. This 
forced conversion of society has pushed the Christian faith back into a metaphysical box, 
where some argued it would die an irrelevant death. Such as speculated by Marx and 
others, and assumed by Nietzche!
Clearly for Christianity to be authentically political, it must attempt to set the paradigm in 
which politics plays its self out. Contexts are all important, for what is a left wing cause 
among the Aymora of Bolivia, is a right wing cause among the Greeks of Albania. What 
we have seen in modern times is the slow erosion by enlightenment militia, upon 
Christianity’s presence in the structures of power that mould the paradigm of culture and 
society. Christians must reclaim the commanding heights of media, parliaments, councils, 
business and governmental authority. They must storm the walls between church and 
state and remove all traces of Liberal Modernity. They must do so from an authentically 
Christian narrative and worldview. 
Christian political thought therefore cannot concede that the secular realm should have 
been, should be or should remain, in the hands of a godless ideology. Within a Christian 
political framework, however, it is so conceived (and there are a variety of opinions; 
some listed earlier) that both the secular and religious realms were supposed to be filled 
with Christians and Christian thought working together for the good of all. Christianity 
then is highly political, and political actions themselves are subject to the service of God, 
in the form of political devotion, much like religious devotion or spiritual devotion.
“When Christians enter politics they have a long and rich tradition upon which to draw, 
but their influence lies not in the authority of that tradition, but on the efficacy of the 
programmes and solutions they propose.” 
Christians need to fashion a more robust Christian culture and community, rather than 
allowing themselves to be assimilated into the world around them. Where the church 
merely takes its cues from wider culture it ends up being the puppet of the state; much 
like the Dutch Reformed church of South Africa through the apartheid. When it has a 
strong sense of its own identity it can speak both authentically and clearly for its own 
political values and agenda! 
Christianity however, goes further, it transforms the very understanding of politics, for 
politics is never about domination, it is about service. Liberal Democratic political culture 
is thankfully influenced by this Christian imperative, even though its view of what is the 
‘common good’ is seriously in need of refinement. The ‘common good’ must be measured 
in how one is brought towards or away from relationship with the living God, this should 
be the end of goal of all branches of government from economics right through to foreign 
policy. The present end goal of Liberal Modern states is how each person and community 
can be grafted into the economy, this is what is interpreted as being the common good. 
However, this suffers from an ideological blind spot that has been the bane of Liberal 
Modernity from the outset. Humans are more than material beings! A Christian state 
would be more balanced in its approach to the material and spiritual needs of its citizens; 
contrary to the extreme materialism fashioned by Liberal Modernity. For example the 
truth and reconciliation commissions that are now working in South Africa, El Salvador, 
Rwanda, Northern Ireland, and has even been imported into Bosnia, as a means of 
reconciling countries with a history of division; accepting the non material solutions to 
real problems faced in society. 
Christians then must commit themselves to the struggle of bringing to bear every 
political framework to perfect submission under God! One is pained however, to dispel 
any illusions that this translates into forcing anyone to become Christian, no more than 
our present Liberal Modern society would accept that it forces people to become 
materialist consumers; people will be free to opt out of the main stream of Christian 
culture. Within Christian political thought one leads by serving, one does not lead to 
serve or lead to be served. This is an important distinction, in societies where leaders, 
lead to be served, we often see horrific abuses of power, such as with Stalin, Hitler, and 
Saddam. Leadership based around the notion to serve, we have seen, has a tendency to 
see it despoiled by disingenuous politicians, or by those who have an idea to serve their 
own interested parties. We see that in most politicians in most modern democracies. 
However, a leader in a Christian society becomes a leader because he/she is already 
serving the people before he/she receives any authority, his/she record is established 
long before he/she find themselves in political office. Corrosive social attitudes cultivated 
through notions of ‘celebrity culture’ would be undermined; they would in due course 
become retarded. It would be in doctors, nurses, servicemen, priests and pastors, 
community workers and the like, that society would find its heroes, not in trivial actors, 
singers, and sports figures. A Christian society would value holiness, learning and 
communal service above that of selfish self-gain and self-promotion. 
Christian political thought is not bound to any one system of government, it is not 
innately dictatorial or democratic, whether there is rule of law or rule of power; Christian 
political thought can exist in many political realities. However, no matter the political 
system: electoral, oligarchy, totalitarian, confederacy or federation, republican or 
monarchical; one thing that remains is the idea that in some way government is firstly 
accountable to the revealed will of God. By whatever system of accountability employed, 
the government of whatever nature, is held accountable by the Christian militant, in how 
it subscribes to the cause of God in terms of the needs of The Kingdom. Also its service 
rendered to the servants of Christ in the pursuit of their call to holiness and the fulfilment 
of the ‘Great Commission’ . In this respect all truly Christian political systems are innately 
Theocratic; in that they seek to allow God to rule. Christian commentators have 
suggested various ways that this could be done via human agency, in keeping with 
apostolic authority, or through acting upon the clear writ of scripture as interpreted by 
those of sufficient training. Alas, no matter the medium used, the aim is the same, to 
make real the revealed will of God on earth. This requires the Church and State to work 
in unison. 
However, some may argue that this is impossible, that men can not bring about God’s 
kingdom here on earth, alas, they miss the point - we do not need to, The Lord Christ did 
this two thousand years ago, this would merely be and expression of The Kingdom on 
earth. It would be no more perfect than our present democracies are perfect (to their 
own principles), and God knows they are not perfect! Democracies constantly fail to 
reflect the true will of the people, by their very nature they can not; however, they 
attempt to reflect the will of the people, though in actual fact, this tends to be the will of 

