# 2.86 Conflict avoidance and how to avoid it

> 原文页码: 688-692

the rich and better off! In the same way, Christian theocracies can not hope to reflect 
perfectly God’s will, but would attempt to reflect God’s will on earth. 
Now some, let’s call them ‘drama queens’, immediately draw parallels to Islamic or 
medieval theocracies , seemingly forgetting that we are neither in the middle ages nor 
are we Islamic. Societies reflect their gods and as Islam reflects a god of ‘will’ in the 
Shari’ah, and Liberal Modernity reflects a god of mammon in Capitalism, a Christian state 
reflects a God of love in theocracy. Should we dismiss a form of government for its past 
errors then we should dismiss all forms of governments and become anarchistic, for none 
are without their mistakes, and none have been perfect! However, only one can claim to 
be a priori and deontologically correct, and that is a Christian theocracy. Liberal Modern 
relativistic arguments have no bearing due to their own laughable inconsistencies, as it 
claims that ‘all truth claims are relative’, except this most relative of all claims to truth; 
by which it seeks to govern all others! However, one hardly believes that the ‘irreligious’ 
will be ‘equally willing to accept the prescription of non establishment’ , that prescription 
only exists for those unlike themselves. It is one rule for the Christians and another rule 
for the Liberal Moderns!
Further more, Christian politics is not confined to any nation state; it is ‘internationalist’, 
within the present context of the world. It recognises no border, or authority above that 
of its King. Therefore, where there is a single Christian being persecuted it is the concern 
of every Christian to come to his/her assistance by every justifiable means including, but 
not necessarily…war! Much like Liberal Modern states believe that it is their right to wage 
war on those that offend their concept of ‘human rights’. So it is the right and duty of 
Christians to wage war on those that blaspheme our God and persecute our brethren. 
The silence of a politically impotent church in the west with regards to its brethren 
around the world is staggering – and quite telling of its spiritual state. The humiliations 
and abuses of the persecuted church are too many to list, and are a denigration of their 
Christian dignity. Only if the persecuted Christians lift themselves out of their state as 
persecuted will they be able to live in dignity. This calls them and us to their liberation 
and the usurpation of the status quo. The persecuted church should not depend upon 
western imported theologies that justify their persecution, but instead fashion a theology 
that begins with the articulation of their own experience as persecuted Christians. We 
should understand the Church’s identity not through dogmatic preaching, but through the 
historical reality of the persecuted church. Persecution of Christians and oppression of 
Christianity is contrary to the will of God. Thus, ‘the universal and global church on earth’ 
should enter into solidarity with persecuted Christians wherever they are found. The 
church should centre its life, not around sacraments, or dogmas, (though these should 
never be done away with), but on the experiences and the cause of the martyred, and 
the oppressed, and suffering Christian. Christians should come together and study and 
support one another in tackling persecution and oppression of Christians. Theology 
should be rooted in the experiences of the persecuted.
Source:
Kyle Spotswood (Sheffield) wrote, on Nov 2, 2007:
http://www.new.facebook.com/board.php?uid=2204703039#/topic.php?uid=2204703039&topic=3836
2.86 Conflict avoidance and how to avoid it
I’ve chosen to include the following essay as it shows how extreme egalitarianism 
(extreme equality) rots a society from within. In our quest to appease everyone we are 
destroying the principles, doctrines and cultures that made us exceptional in the first 
place. Our traditional rather cynical and Spartan values, which resulted in that Europe 
became the cradle of civilisation, have been allowed to develop into excessive decadence. 
By Brett Stevens
The hardest thing about being a small hominid is that you run the risk, at any moment, 
of screwing up and getting killed — and unlike other monkeys, you’re aware of it any 
time a symbol of death or error comes up.
For this reason, most of human history has dealt with conflict resolution and ways to get 
people going in different directions to work together. It makes us feel good to think we’re 
banishing conflict because then we feel as if we’re safe from that conflict making us the 
one who screws up and gets killed.
But over the years, we go from “conflict resolution” to “conflict avoidance,” meaning that 
we no longer seek working solutions, but to stop the fighting. We assume the fighting is 
the source of the disagreement, and not the other way around, as would be sane.
Nature, unlike humans, does not think in blocking single linear categories at a time, so 
when we suppress conflict, we don’t eliminate it — we just squeeeeze it into another 
realm. If we can’t fight with fists, we’ll fight in the courts, or in the ballot box, or just be 
snippy with each other.
Passive aggression, the mentality created, arises from a desire to avoid conflict while a 
need to fight still exists. If I’m seen doing something combative, I get in trouble; so I try 
to provoke, needle, backstab, corrupt, etc. in order that I can destroy without seeming to 
destroy, and get the other guy to be the one who lashes out and gets clobbered by the 
other monkeys who just want the fighting to end.
All of these ideas are taboo because they cut through our pleasant illusion about 
ourselves, which is that we’re not half-monkeys who rose a few sigma and now are able 
to use tools but not fully manage our affairs. We like to think of ourselves as gods who 
intend each of our actions as a benevolent gift to others; the reality is that we’re snarling 
feral animals who’ve found a way to cloak our aggression in politeness, bureaucracy and 
a pernicious herd morality.
Tom Wolfe and Mike Gazzaniga explore this passive aggression through a reasonable 
measurement, which is social status. Status is how you feel you rank relative to your 
neighbours, and it can be either material or moral. Material is whether their BMW is as 
cool as yours; moral is whether they’re educated, enlightened, progressive people who 
donate eyeglasses to the Bonobo like you:
TW: Every time we go into a room with other people, it’s as if we have a teleprompter in 
front of us and it’s telling us the history of ourselves versus these people. We can’t even 
think of thinking without this huge library of good information and bad information.
MG: When you get up in the morning, you do not think about triangles and squares and 
these similes that psychologists have been using for the past 100 years.
You think about status. You think about where you are in relation to your peers. You’re 
thinking about your spouse, about your kids, about your boss. Ninety-nine percent of 
your time is spent thinking about other people’s thoughts about you, their intentions, and 
all this kind of stuff.
Forum: Tom Wolfe and Michael Gazzaniga 
For the last 2,000 years our preferred method of neutralising conflict has been to insist 
on equality.
First, it was insisted that we were all equal in civic duty, so should get a vote.
Then, it was insisted that we were all equal in the eyes of God, as we all had souls.
A thousand years later, we upgraded that to the idea that we were all equal citizens in 
potential, so we should have no limits of role or money.
None of these have worked, because in reality — that physically-convergent world out 
there — we are not all equal, and in fact, nothing in life is. (Most parts of reality consist 
of unevenly distributed values in a type of “standard distribution,” Poisson distribution or 
the easily recognised “Bell Curve” with a few at top, a few at the bottom, and most on a 
graceful convex in the middle.)
When we cannot recognise our inequality, and cannot accept conflict, we are ruled by our 
fears. In turn, we create a society that because it orients itself around avoiding these 
fears, sublimates its fear.
The result is the “crab mentality,” after the tendency of crabs in a bucket to crawl to the 
top, in which we compete for social favor. This creates a pleasant surface notion of 
equality and an underlying truth of constant covert conflict.
In addition, in order to preserve our good social standing, we insist on equality in 
defiance of the facts, and by making equality such an assumption, we oblige ourselves to 
tolerate incompetence. That in turn puts us in a society that is forever dysfunctional and 
frustrating, but no one wants to be the first to admit they are un-polite and un-sociable 
and don’t believe in equality.
In turn that gets us this:
New research from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University 
explores why powerful people – many of whom take a moral high ground – don’t practice 
what they preach.
The research finds that power makes people stricter in moral judgment of others – while 
being less strict of their own behaviour.
“According to our research, power and influence can cause a severe disconnect between 
public judgment and private behaviour, and as a result, the powerful are stricter in their 
judgment of others while being more lenient toward their own actions,” he continued.
Science Daily 
This public/private split occurs any time we insist on pretending an unrealistic thought is 
real, more real than reality even since we use it to manipulate each other. In public, we 
must kowtow to the dogma; in private, we have to get things done and/or become 
violently self-assertive.
The cost of equality is that we throw out all truthfulness in order to seem like nice people 
to each other.
It arises from our fear of evolving to the next stage, which would naturally occur from 
our most capable people, because we’re afraid of personally being left behind — just as 
we’re afraid of having a lower place in the current crab bucket of society.
As a result, instead of looking toward the future, we look toward the past — we look 
backward, and try to divide up what exists, instead of making an even better vision of 
our world.
Those who are most afraid become “activists” who go around telling us that it costs us 
nothing to demand equality and suppress conflict, but then there are millions of details 
like this:
In 2002, civil lawsuits cost the U.S. economy a reeling $233 billion. With the rise of civil 
lawsuits over the last half a century, each American citizen is now estimated to pay a 
“lawsuit tax” of anywhere between $700 and $800 a year (27 September 2004 US Fed 
News). According to Secretary of Commerce Don Evans, if you take the total cost of tort 
claims and judgments in the United States and divide it by the number of citizens in the 
country, a tort tax of about $809 per capita results (15 December 2004 White House 
Press Releases And Documents).
What’s more, lawsuit costs represented about 2 percent of the US Gross Domestic 
Product, over $250 billion. Of this, the manufacturing sector bears a disproportionate 
share of that, at 4.5 percent. (15 December 2004 White House Press Releases And 
Documents). And costs are rising, with a reported 5.4% increase in the cost of civil 
lawsuits from 2002 to 2003 (1 September 2005 Design Firm Management & 
Administration Report).
Inside Prison 
Allow no conflict, and people will take it to the courts, which will lead to irrational animal 
conflict costing millions. How could that happen?
Imagine the other variables we could add:
•
People driving slowly taking up to an additional half-hour of your time every day, for no 
reason other than their own incompetence. Add that up over the course of a year and think 
what you could have done with that time.
•
Incompetents and dullards on the job must be tolerated, so every concept gets divided into 
bite-size pieces, and soon you’re sitting through two-hour meetings where five minutes 
among equals would have sufficed.
•
Dumb people have no idea their actions have consequences, so they litter, commit crimes, 
vandalise, or simply break things you might like to use.
•
Look at all the areas of our cities that are no-fly zones because they’re inhabited by people 
without a clue who ruin their own homes, riot, commit crimes, and so on. What else could 
we do with that land?
•
Fools are a politician’s best friend because they are easily manipulated. Since we cannot 
call them fools, and make them unequal because they have rights, they’re there for any 
corrupt manipulator to promise them the sky — in exchange for more power of course.
Do we need to go on? These people are taking you for a ride. You have one life and only 
a certain amount of time in it, but that time is being taken away, passively, to support 
incompetents!
You go along with it because you’re afraid. The idea of universal equality and rights 
sounds good to us because we’re afraid as a group. If you the individual speak out 
against it, the others may gang up and you and clobber you — for denying their denial of 
reality.
The guilt and passive aggression that manipulates you has a huge cost, but all the people 
who are afraid that they might be incompetent are going to insist on it, even if it means 
that society as a whole moves like a person encased in lead, always pandering to the 
weakest link in the chain.
The individuals around you are thinking like the crabs in the bucket: they want to claw 
above you by appearing more egalitarian, more progressive, more compassionate than 
you. They don’t care about the results of their actions. They’re just trying to get more 
popular.
There are two real victims here: civilisation itself, which stops rising to a challenge and 
starts collapsing inward; and yourself, because your time is wasted and all of those 
resources of time, money and energy you could have applied to something constructive 
are taken away.
It’s a reversal of evolution. Instead of seeking to get better, and when we find something 
better spreading it around, we’re trying to avoid anything better because it might make 
us look bad.
And they’re going to waste your life by slowing everyone down to the speed of that 
weakest link in the chain.
The following article suggests on means of helping us past this difficult point in — not 
history, but evolution itself — through psychological conditioning:
A recent study led by Phelps found that reminding people of the fearful stimuli, minus 
any fear-inducing event, shortly before the extinction session can effectively block the 
first memory. The finding could help improve therapies for overcoming fear.
The mechanism for the initial memory’s defeat could be that the initial quick reminder 
induces the amygdala to store new information, Phelps explains. The window during 
which the amygdala is “open” is fleeting, however, and could explain why the reminder 
shown 10 minutes, but not six hours, before the first extinction session, eradicated fear. 
As Phelps notes, relearning a memory, also known as reconsolidation, takes place much 
faster, within several minutes, than learning the memory for the first time, or 
consolidation.
Scientific American
You’re afraid of social trauma, which is when you do something and other people make 
fun of you for it and exclude you, if not outright beat you with sticks.
In the past, you’ve accidentally said things that violated a social taboo, and people have 
swooped in en masse to tell you how wrong you are. They may have summoned a priest, 
some scientific studies of dubious scope, or the opinions of your favourite Hollywood 
stars. They’re telling you that no matter what you see in reality, they are the ones to 
define official truth — and hilariously, if you disagree, they’ll claim you are redefining 
“commonly accepted” truth!
You can see the public/private split here. In public, we’re using opinions and logic and 
science. In private, we’re animals struggling against each other for power, and the 
cudgels we wield are disguised as opinions and logic and science.

