# 2.87 ”Western”, modern countries that never adopted multiculturalism - Japan, South Korea and Taiwan

> 原文页码: 693-694

With the above type of conditioning, and it wouldn’t take much, we could re-organise our 
people. We should have public rallies where each participant steps out and says, “You 
know, we’re not all equal and we can’t pander to the weakest link in the chain just so we 
seem nicer than our neighbours.”
And in the presence of others of our community, we watch as nothing happens. No pain. 
No nasty commentary. No cudgels. We learn instead to trust our own observations of 
reality as it is, and stop projecting these social falsehoods onto it just so we can climb a 
little higher in the social status game.
2.87 ”Western”, modern countries that never adopted multiculturalism - Japan, 
South Korea and Taiwan 
Japan’s and South Korea’s post-World War II forty-year economic growth surge without 
immigration has always been an embarrassment to the immigration and multiculturalism 
enthusiasts. In 1990, the then-Designated Enthusiast Economist Julian Simon was 
reduced to admitting: "How Japan gets along I don't know. But we may have to 
recognise that some countries are unique in their characteristics."
Western Europe have had a long and close friendship with these countries post WW2. 
They have not initialised media campaigns portraying these countries as Nazis, boycotted 
them economically or threatened them with invasion if they don’t start implementing 
multiculturalism. It’s therefore quite contradictory to how Western Europe ridicule, harass 
and persecute any and all individuals and groups in their own countries who support 
monoculturalism. 
Japan and multiculturalism 
Japanese society, with its ideology of homogenity, has opposed multiculturalism which 
has been adopted by Western Europe and the US. 
Japan accepted just 16 refugees in 1999, while the United States took in 85,010 for 
resettlement, according to the UNHCR. New Zealand, which is smaller than Japan, 
accepted 1,140 refugees in 1999. Just 305 persons were recognised as refugees by 
Japan from 1981, when Japan ratified the U.N. Convention Relating to the Status of 
Refugees, to 2002. 
Source: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-culturalism
South Korea and multiculturalism
South Korea is among the world's most ethnically homogeneous nations. Like Japah and 
Taiwan, South Korea rejects the doctrine of multiculturalism. Most Koreans tend to 
equate nationality or citizenship with membership in a single, homogeneous ethnic group 
sharing the same "blood" and history. A common language and culture are also viewed as 
important elements in Korean identity.
The idea of multiracial or multiethnic nations, like Canada or the United States, is 
opposed in general and strikes many Koreans as odd or even contradictory. 
Source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multi-culturalism
China, Africa, the Islamic world and multiculturalism
The European cultural Marxists/multiculturalists often directly or indirectly claim that 
everyone opposing multiculturalism are racists, fascists and Nazis. So according to their 
logic China, Africa and the Islamic world are all Nazi regimes as they never implemented 
multiculturalism. As of now, ONLY European countries (US, Canada, Aussie included) and 
a few Hindu and Buddhist countries are actual multiculturalist regimes (India, Thailand 
Phillipines and a couple more). So why the double standards? Why do they only use the 
fascist/Nazi bashing rhetoric to paralyze all attempts of resistance in European nations 
and against patriotic groups and individuals? The answer is discussed thoroughly in this 
compendium. The phenomenon is called the self loathing complex also referred to as 
“European guilt” in combination with the Marxist goal of destroying the European, 
Christian, straight man. One of the primary beliefs of many Marxists is that everything 
European is a cancer in the world that has to be exterminated. According to their logic; 
Europeans are the cause of all the evil in the world so they must exterminate all 
Europeans (deconstruct the European majority) in order to be able to create the Marxist 
utopia of eternal peace and harmony.
Africa, China and the Islamic world
China is a monocultural country, just like African nations and a majority of countries in 
the Islamic world. Everyone who has travelled and lived in Africa knows that all African 
nations, with the exception of perhaps South Africa, are monocultural nations and they 
are very racist towards all Europeans. I have personally experienced overwhelming 
discrimination from the first second I set my foot in Kenya, Côte d'Ivoire and Liberia. And 
you really don’t have to travel to African nations to comprehend this as it is a widely 
known truth. Talk to ANY European visitor to Africa and ask if he would want to settle 
there with his family and the answer would be “no”. This is primarily due to 
discrimination. The same can be said about China and the Islamic world. While a 
significant number of citizens in Islamic or Muslim countries are directly hostile to 
Europeans, Chinese are usually just after your money. It is unbearable to live the rest of 

