# 2.88 Democracy not working

> 原文页码: 695-695

your life in a country where there is a constant and an overwhelming danger of being 
“Shanghaied”. My stepmother was the Norwegian Vice Counsul in Shanghai and I know 
several Europeans working there. They are willing to “cope” for the duration of their 
company term, as the pay is good, but they would never settle there permanently with 
their families. I remember when I was in Shanghai a few years ago. During my three 
week stay I had more than 10 people asking me to take a photograph with them. 
Apparently, the Nordic appearance is a relatively rare sight, especially for rural Chinese 
visiting the big cities during their vacation. While this can be a charming and even a 
flattering experience, having a mob of people constantly glaring at you all day long is a 
psychological burden. An example is when I went to Mc Donalds with my friend, Xun. He 
is a Norwegian Chinese btw and he was my partner at one point, in Oslo, when I day 
traded actively. He taught me advanced Chinese candlestick/MACD strategies in relation 
to stock analysis. Anyway, at Mc Donalds as with anywhere, it is not likely that you will 
enjoy your meal when you have 50 Chinese constantly glaring at you. During my stay in 
Shanghai there were 5 attempts to Shanghai me (they target Europeans), one was 
unfortunately successful (30 Euro demanded for a simple 1 Euro dish). 
As for China on a state level, they actively use demographical warfare against Tibet and 
areas populated by Muslim Uyghurs. China is a monocultural country, just like African 
nations and a majority of countries in the Islamic world.
2.88 Democracy not working
By Fjordman
Currently, the democratic system is in my view not working properly in any Western 
country. It is more or less dead in Western Europe, where most of the real power has 
been transferred to the unelected organs of the European Union, anyway. Virtually all 
Western countries have lost control over their borders. This is not a sustainable situation. 
You can call your political system a democracy, a dictatorship, a republic, a monarchy or 
whatever you want, but a country that does not control its territory will eventually die. 
It's inevitable.
The situation is made worse by the fact that globalisation of transportation has put 
severe pressure on our nations in a manner which was unthinkable only a few decades 
ago. When the first Christian Gospels were written down at the end of the first century 
AD, the population of the Roman Empire was about 60 million people. This mirrors the 
annual global population growth in the early twenty-first century. In other words: The 
global population grows by another Roman Empire every single year. Our system wasn't 
designed for such numbers. It needs fundamental change, or it will soon collapse into 
civil wars or dictatorships or both. We also have a situation where some left-wing parties 
in particular deliberately import Muslims and others because they vote overwhelmingly 
for left-wing parties. A political system where it pays to import enemies obviously isn't 
sustainable.
When I criticise democracy, this should not be taken as an indication that I believe in 
elitist rule. I criticise it because it clearly doesn't automatically ensure freedom of speech 
and security for life and property, which is the hallmark of true liberty. Another problem 
is that it isn't always the best system for long-term decisions because people tend to 
prefer short-term gains. I still believe, however, that there should be a powerful element 
of real public influence, to curtail the potential for absolute rulers and abuse of power. We 

