# 2.89 The Rape of Europe – emigration of indigenous Europeans?

> 原文页码: 696-697

have clearly veered too far in the direction of the latter with the EU, where the ruling 
elites have skillfully eliminated any constraints on their power.
The democratic system has significant flaws, but it worked to some extent as long as 
there was sense of being a demos, a people with a shared identity and common 
interests. What we are witnessing now is the gradual breakdown of this demos, starting 
from the top down. Powerful groups frequently have more in common with the elites in 
other countries than they have with the average citizen in their own. If you no longer 
believe in your nation as a real entity with a specific culture, it simply becomes a tool for 
obtaining power, a stepping stone for your global career. Without a pre-political loyalty, 
emotional ties or even a pragmatic interest in supporting nation states, the democratic 
system becomes a vehicle for distributing favors to your friends at home and abroad, for 
fleecing the voters while in power and hopefully ensuring a lucrative international career 
along the way. You will have few moral inhibitions against importing voters from abroad 
for maintaining power or because your business buddies who give you financial support 
desire it. This process is related to technological globalisation, but it has gone further in 
the self-loathing West than in any other civilisation.
Average citizens who still identify with their nation states thus keep electing people who 
betray their trust. Since the elites identify little with the nations they are supposed to 
serve, more power to them will only make matters worse, as it already has in Europe. 
Corrupt and incompetent individuals will always exist. If you get a corrupt leader every 
now and then you are dealing with a flawed individual. If you constantly, again and 
again, get corrupt leaders you are dealing with a flawed system. Our political system is 
now deeply flawed. The problem is that I cannot easily see how to fix it.
The most important thing to realise is that democracy is a tool, a means we use to 
achieve an end. Too many people now confuse it with the end itself. "Democracy" has 
come to mean something that is good, something everybody wants, a bit like sex or 
chocolate. But there is no rational reason to assume that democracy of universal suffrage 
is uniformly good and can be applied with equal success in all circumstances, a huge 
mistake Americans made in Iraq.
Any political system must first and foremost ensure the survival, the continued physical 
existence, of the community it serves. After that comes ensuring the prosperity and 
liberty of this community in the best possible way. However, when I look at the situation 
in Western countries today, I cannot see that democracy always ensures our liberty or 
prosperity, and in many cases it functions so poorly that it threatens our very survival. 
Perhaps in order to ensure our continued existence, we need to supplement democracy 
with other tools in our toolkit.
Source:
http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2008/09/democracy-not-working-essay-by-fjordman.html
2.89 The Rape of Europe – emigration of indigenous Europeans?
The German author Henryk M. Broder recently told the Dutch newspaper De Volkskrant 
(12 October) that young Europeans who love freedom, better emigrate. Europe as we 
know it will no longer exist 20 years from now. Whilst sitting on a terrace in Berlin, 
Broder pointed to the other customers and the passers-by and said melancholically: “We 
are watching the world of yesterday.”
Broder is convinced that the Europeans are not willing to oppose Islamisation. “The 
dominant ethos,” he told De Volkskrant, “is perfectly voiced by the stupid blonde woman 
author with whom I recently debated. She said that it is sometimes better to let yourself 
be raped than to risk serious injuries while resisting. She said it is sometimes better to 
avoid fighting than run the risk of death.”
Europe is turning Muslim. As Broder is sixty years old 
he is not going to emigrate himself. “I am too old,” he 
said. However, he urged young people to get out and 
“move to Australia or New Zealand. That is the only 
option they have if they want to avoid the plagues 
that will turn the old continent uninhabitable.”
Many Germans and Dutch, apparently, did not wait 
for Broder’s advice. The number of emigrants leaving 
the Netherlands and Germany has already surpassed 
the number of immigrants moving in. One does not 
have to be prophetic to predict, like Henryk Broder, 
that Europe is becoming Islamic. Just consider the 
demographics. The number of Muslims in contemporary Europe is estimated to be 50 
million. It is expected to double in twenty years. By 2025, one third of all European 
children will be born to Muslim families. Today Mohammed is already the most popular 
name for new-born boys in Brussels, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, and other major European 
cities.
Broder is convinced that the Europeans are not willing to oppose Islamisation. “The 
dominant ethos,” he told De Volkskrant, “is perfectly voiced by the stupid blonde woman 
author with whom I recently debated. She said that it is sometimes better to let yourself 
be raped than to risk serious injuries while resisting. She said it is sometimes better to 
avoid fighting than run the risk of death.”
In a recent op-ed piece in the Brussels newspaper De Standaard (23 October) the Dutch 
(gay and self-declared “humanist”) author Oscar Van den Boogaard refers to Broder’s 
interview. Van den Boogaard says that to him coping with the Islamisation of Europe is 
like “a process of mourning.” He is overwhelmed by a “feeling of sadness.” “I am not a 
warrior,” he says, “but who is? I have never learned to fight for my freedom. I was only 
good at enjoying it.”
As Tom Bethell wrote in this month’s American Spectator: “Just at the most basic level of 
demography the secular-humanist option is not working.” But there is more to it than the 
fact that non-religious people tend not to have as many children as religious people, 
because many of them prefer to “enjoy” freedom rather than renounce it for the sake of 
children. Secularists, it seems to me, are also less keen on fighting. Since they do not 
believe in an afterlife, this life is the only thing they have to lose. Hence they will rather 
accept submission than fight. Like the German feminist Broder referred to, they prefer to 
be raped than to resist. 
“If faith collapses, civilisation goes with it,” says Bethell. That is the real cause of the 
closing of civilisation in Europe. Islamisation is simply the consequence. The very word 
Islam means “submission” and the secularists have submitted already. Many Europeans 
have already become Muslims, though they do not realise it or do not want to admit it.
Some of the people I meet in the U.S. are particularly worried about the rise of anti-
Semitism in Europe. They are correct when they fear that anti-Semitism is also on the 
rise among non-immigrant Europeans. The latter hate people with a fighting spirit. 
Contemporary anti-Semitism in Europe (at least when coming from native Europeans) is 

