# 2.90 Suggestions for the Future

> 原文页码: 698-705

related to anti-Americanism. People who are not prepared to resist and are eager to 
submit, hate others who do not want to submit and are prepared to fight. They hate 
them because they are afraid that the latter will endanger their lives as well. In their 
view everyone must submit.
This is why they have come to hate Israel and America so much, and the small band of 
European “islamophobes” who dare to talk about what they see happening around them. 
West Europeans have to choose between submission (islam) or death. I fear, like Broder, 
that they have chosen submission – just like in former days when they preferred to be 
red rather than dead.
Source:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1609
2.90 Suggestions for the Future
By Fjordman
“If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared 
to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be 
destroyed, and tolerance with them.
We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the 
intolerant.”
Karl Popper
How should we respond to the threats our civilisation is facing? First of all, ordinary 
citizens should arm themselves immediately since crime and violence is spreading fast 
throughout the Western world. Second, we need to reclaim pride in our heritage, which 
has been systematically taken away from us in recent generations, and restore a proper 
teaching of this in our education system. We should assume that the mass media and our 
leaders are not telling us the full truth about the scale and consequences of Muslim 
immigration.
We are told that the ongoing mass immigration from alien cultures is “good for the 
economy.” This is demonstrably false and resembles the “Big Lie” technique employed by 
the Nazis. Even if it were true, I would still reject this argument. I am not willing to give 
up our existence as a people and the heritage entrusted upon me by my ancestors in the 
hypothetical hope that doing so will earn me a few chocolate bars or electronic toys, of 
which we already have plenty. The notion that man is homo economicus, the economic 
man, nothing more than the sum of his functions as a worker and consumer, is widely 
shared by both left-wingers and many right-wingers. It is one of the most destructive 
ideologies of our time and needs to be defeated while there is still something left of 
European civilisation to preserve.
One “anti-Jihadist” in Scandinavia once indicated that it was OK with a Muslim majority in 
Europe as long as these Muslims respect “human rights.” They won’t, of course, but 
that’s not the point. The “debate” we have is thus between those who believe we should 
accept unlimited mass immigration and those who believe we should accept unlimited 
mass immigration as long as those who replace us believe in “human rights,” where the 
former groups views the latter as “racists.” At no point is there any debate of whether 
native Europeans have the right to preserve our cultures and historical identities.
Globalism is the enemy within which needs to be defeated. Globalism does not refer to 
the impersonal forces of technological globalisation (although committed Globalists like to 
pretend that it does, because this makes their ideological program seem “inevitable”), 
but to a Utopian ideology stating that erasing all national cultures and states (especially 
Western ones) is a positive good which should be promoted and forced down people’s 
throats. Opposition to this undertaking should be banned as “discrimination,” “racism,” 
“extremism” and “nationalism” (the terms are used as synonyms).
I’ve engaged in long discussions as to whether or not our current weakness is caused by 
deeper-lying, structural flaws in our civilisation or whether it is promoted by certain 
powerful groups with a dangerous agenda. My answer is that it is both. The ideology of 
Globalism is indeed promoted by certain elite groups much more than by the average 
citizen, and these ideas are enforced from above. This is happening all over the Western 
world, but it is particularly dangerous in Western Europe because of the legislative 
powers of the European Union and its non-elected oligarchy.
Although Leftists tend to be more aggressive, perhaps the dividing line in the internal 
struggle in the West is less between Left and Right and more between those who value 
national sovereignty and European culture and those who do not. Upholding national 
borders has become more important in the age of globalisation, not less. We need to 
reclaim control over our borders and reject any organisation, either the EU, the UN, 
various human rights groups or others who prevent us from doing this. We must remind 
our political leaders that we pay national taxes because they are supposed to uphold our 
national borders. If they can’t do so, the social contract is breached, and we should no 
longer be required to pay our taxes. National taxes, national borders could become a new 
rallying cry.
There are both left-wing and right-wing Globalists. They have different agendas, for 
instance with left-wing Globalists putting emphasis on silencing free speech and 
promoting “international law” through the United Nations and similar organisations, while 
right-wing Globalists concentrate more on the free flow of people across borders, just as 
they want free flow of goods and capital across borders. The Presidential election 
campaign in the USA in 2008 between Obama and McCain is a race between a left-wing 
and a right-wing Globalist. Both want open borders, if only for slightly different reasons, 
and tend to think of countries as ideas, not as entities populated by distinct peoples with 
shared values and a common history.
An ideological “war within the West” has paved the way for a physical “war against the 
West” waged by Islamic Jihadists, who correctly view our acceptance of Muslim 
immigration as a sign of weakness. Perhaps we will need to resolve the war within the 
West before we can win the war against the West. When Europeans such as Polish king 
Jan III Sobieski led their troops to victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna, 
they fought for a number of things: Their country, their culture and their religion. People 
don’t just need to live; they need something to live for, and fight for.
We are against Islam. What are we for? I would suggest that one thing we should fight 
for is national sovereignty and the right to preserve our culture and pass it on to future 
generations. We are fighting for the right to define our own laws and national policies, 
not to be held hostage by the United Nations, unaccountable NGOs, transnational 
progressives or self-appointed guardians of the truth.
At the beginning of the 21st century, the West is the sick man of the world. We provide 
our sworn enemies with the technology and medicine to multiply, give them the 
transportation and legal rights to move to our countries (after showing them through TV 
and movies how much better life is in our part of the world). On top of this, we pay them 
to colonise our countries and harass our children, while our leaders ban opposition to this 
as intolerance, discrimination and racism. When did the West stop thinking? Where did 
we go wrong? Here is the answer an American friend of mine gave:
“Well, there’s Marxism of course, which was extremely damaging in all its forms. There 
were the two world wars which killed so many of our people and caused a lack of cultural 
confidence. Then there was the Pax Americana and the unprecedented safety and affluence 
it brought to the Western World. We have now had two generations of Westerners, almost 
three, who have never known real poverty, hunger, war, or ‘the knock on the door in the 
middle of the night.’ Without a need for survival skills, we had the time and the money to 
focus on ever-more insane political and cultural ideologies…I think I remember reading 
something about how the Indian Hindu empires became ripe for conquest by Islam — ‘They 
focused on becoming good, instead of remaining powerful.’ I can’t remember the source on 
that though. But that’s what we are now — obsessing about how to be good, not on being 
powerful. And our ‘goodness’ isn’t worth much if the rest of the world is focused on 
becoming powerful. Also, you have to remember, a lot of people are making money out of 
these insane ideologies. The ‘diversity’ industry in the U.S. is worth billions — people with 
little skills or ability are being given comfy well-paid jobs because of it.. And because of 
anti-discrimination laws, every organisation, whether for profit or not, must have a 
‘diversity’ plan to point to if they ever get sued for ‘discrimination.’ It’s literally a recession-
proof captive industry. Anyways we’re sick and the whole world knows it. They are coming 
here to feed off our sickness.”
The West is rapidly declining as a percentage of world population and in danger of being 
overwhelmed by immigration from poorer countries with booming populations. People of 
European origins need to adjust our self-image correspondingly and ditch the current 
ideology of deranged altruism. We are not all-powerful and are not in a position to help 
everybody in developing countries out of poverty, certainly not by allowing them to move 
here. We need to develop a new mental paradigm dedicated to our own survival.
We should take a break from mass immigration in general. Any future immigration needs 
to be strictly controlled and exclusively non-Muslim. This break should be used to 
demonstrate clearly that the West will no longer serve as the dumping ground for excess 
population growth in other countries. We have cultures that we’d like to preserve, too, 
and cannot and should not be expected to accept unlimited number of migrants from 
other countries.
In my view, the best way to deal with the Islamic world is to have as little to do with it as 
possible. We should completely stop and if necessary ban Muslim immigration. This could 
be done in creative and indirect ways, such as banning immigration from nations with 
citizens known to be engaged in terrorist activities. We should remove all Muslim non-
citizens currently in the West and change our laws to ensure that Muslim citizens who 
advocate sharia, preach Jihad, the inequality of “infidels” and of women should have their 
citizenship revoked and be deported back to their country of origin.
We need to create an environment where the practice of Islam is made difficult. Much of 
this can be done in non-discriminatory ways, by simply refusing to allow special pleading 
to Muslims. Do not allow the Islamic public call to prayer as it is offensive to other faiths. 
Boys and girls should take part in all sporting and social activities of the school and the 
community. The veil should be banned in all public institutions, thus contributing to 
breaking the traditional subjugation of women. Companies and public buildings should 
not be forced to build prayer rooms for Muslims. Enact laws to eliminate the abuse of 
family reunification laws. Do not permit major investments by Muslims in Western media 
or universities.
American columnist Diana West[1] wants us to shift from a pro-democracy offensive to 
an anti-sharia defensive. Calling this a “War on Terror” as President George W. Bush did 
in 2001 was a mistake. Baron Bodissey of the Gates of Vienna blog has suggested the 
slogan “Take Back the Culture,” thus focusing on our internal struggle for traditional 
European culture.
People should be educated about the realities of Jihad and sharia. Educating non-Muslims 
about Islam is more important than educating Muslims, but we should do both. Groups of 
dedicated individuals should engage in efforts to explain the real nature of Islam, 
emphasising the division that Islam teaches between Believer and Infidel, the permanent 
state of war between Dar al-Islam and Dar al-Harb and the use of taqiyya and kitman, 
religious deception.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch[2] says, we should explain why Islam encourages 
despotism (because allegiance is owed the ruler as long as he is a Muslim), economic 
paralysis, intellectual failure (the cult of authority, the hostility to free and skeptical 
inquiry) in Islamic countries. Let Muslims themselves begin slowly to understand that all 
of their political, economic, social, intellectual, and moral failures are a result of Islamic 
teachings.
Fitzgerald also suggests exploiting the many fissures within the Islamic world: Divide and 
conquer. Divide and demoralise. Islam has universalist claims but it talks about Arabs as 
the “best of peoples,” and has been a vehicle for Arab supremacy, to promote Arab 
conquest of wealthier non-Arab populations. In addition to divisions between Arabs and 
non-Arab Muslims, we have the sectarian divide between Shias and Sunnis, and the 
economic division between the fabulously rich oil-and-natural-gas Arab states and the 
poor Muslim countries.
Both the sectarian and economic divisions within Islam are best exploited by infidels 
doing nothing. If the Western world stops giving Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, and the 
Palestinians “aid,” which has in reality become a disguised form of jizya, this will clear the 
psychological air. And it will force the poorer Arabs and other Muslims to go to the rich 
Arabs for support.
Right now, Muslims can enjoy the best of both worlds, and follow primitive religious laws 
while enjoying the fruits of 21st century civilisation. We need to drive home the utter 
failure of the Islamic model by making sure that Muslims should no longer able to count 
on permanent Western or infidel aid in their overpopulated, self-primitivised states, 
whose very unviability they are prevented from recognising by this constant infusion of 
aid.
We need to deprive Muslims as much as possible of Western jizya in other forms, which 
means ending foreign aid, but also institute a Manhattan Project for alternative sources 
of energy, in order to become independent of Arab oil.
As Mr. Fitzgerald asks[3] : “What would the rich Arabs do if the Western world decided to 
seize their property in the West as the assets of enemy aliens, just as was done to the 
property owned not only by the German government, but by individual Germans, during 
World War II? And what would they do if they were to be permanently deprived of easy 
access to Western medical care?”
We must reject the “You turn into what you fight” argument. Those who fought the Nazis 
didn’t become Nazis during the Second World War. The truth is, we will become like 
Muslims if we don’t stand up to them and keep them out of our countries, otherwise they 
will subdue us and Islamise us by force. The West isn’t feared because we are 
“oppressors,” we are despised because we are perceived as weak and decadent. Jihadist 
websites have said that China[4] is not the enemy at the moment. China, too, is an 
infidel enemy, but Muslims respect the Chinese more than Western nations. We can live 
with having enemies. The important thing is making sure that our enemies respect us, as 
Machiavelli indicated in The Prince.
We should implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world, but for this to work 
we will sometimes have to take military action to crush Muslim pretensions to grandeur. 
The Buddhists of Central Asia undoubtedly held the “moral high ground” in relations to 
Muslims. They are all dead now. At the very least, we must be prepared to back up our 
ideological defences with force on certain occasions.
Several objections could be raised against the containment option. Some claim that it is 
too harsh and thus won’t be implemented; others say that it is insufficient and won’t 
work in the long run. It’s true that in the current political climate, expulsion of sharia-
sponsoring Muslims isn’t going to happen, but the current ruling paradigm won’t last. It 
is likely that we will get civil wars in several Western countries because of the ongoing 
mass immigration. This will finally demonstrate how serious the situation is and force 
other Western nations to act.
I have heard comments that it isn’t practically doable to contain the Islamic world behind 
some artificial Maginot Line. When the Mongols could simply go around the Great Wall of 
China in the thirteenth century, it will be impossible to contain anybody in an age of 
modern communication technology. No, it won’t be easy, but we should at least try. 
Containment isn’t necessarily the only thing we need to do, just the very minimum that is 
acceptable. Perhaps the spread of nuclear technology will indeed trigger a large-scale war 
with the Islamic world at some point. The only way to prevent this is to take steps, 
including military ones, to deprive Muslims of dangerous technology. Jihad is waged by 
military, political, financial, demographic and diplomatic means. The defence against 
Jihad has to be equally diverse.
In the post What Can We Do?[5], Gates of Vienna republished an essay by reader 
Westerner which was originally posted at American writer Lawrence Auster’s website. 
Westerner argues that the separationist policy[6] proposed by Auster and others of 
rolling back, containing, and using military force to quarantine Muslims would not be 
sufficient to make the non-Islamic world safe, because Islamic regimes would still exist 
and continue to seek ways to harm us. He therefore proposes a policy aimed at crushing 
Islam. Nevertheless, my general policy recommendation is to advocate separation and 
containment. The crucial point is to stress that Islam cannot be reformed and cannot be 
reconciled with our way of life.
According to blogger Conservative Swede, “In fact it is easier to argue for a stop of ALL 
immigration, to the general public, than a specific stop of Muslim immigration (maybe not 
in America, but surely in Sweden and the rest of Europe). People simply know very little 
about Islam. They need to be educated first, and already that is a big effort. So this is 
the first step. Before this has been achieved, before the awareness about the true face of 
Islam is firmly represented among the general public, it becomes pointless to push for 
deportation of all Muslims at the arenas directed at the general public. The first and 
current step is about educating people about Islam.” He puts emphasis on the need for 
breaking the spirit of our Jihadist enemies and finding ways of symbolically defeat them.
I have been criticised because my talk about containment and the need to limit even 
non-Muslim immigration smacks of the siege mentality of a friendless West. Advocating a 
policy of much stricter immigration control in general isn’t based on isolationism, it’s 
based on realism. We’re in the middle of the largest migration waves in human history. 
The simple fact is that far more people want to live in the West than we can possibly let 
in. Technology has made it easier for people to settle in other countries, and easier for 
them to stay in touch with their original homeland as if they never left. We have to deal 
with this fact by slowing the immigration rates to assimilation levels; otherwise our 
societies will eventually break down.
I’m advocating isolation of the Islamic world, not of the West. Even if we cannot allow all 
non-Muslims to freely settle in our lands, this does not mean that they have to be our 
enemies. Jihad is being waged against the entire non-Muslim world, not just the West. 
We should stop trying to “win the hearts and minds” of Muslims instead cooperate with 
other non-Muslims.
The United Nations[7] is heavily infiltrated by Islamic groups. We should starve it for 
funds and ridicule it at any given opportunity. As an alternative to the UN, we could 
create an organisation where only democratic states could become members. The most 
important principle at this point is to contain the Islamic world. We simply cannot allow 
our enemies to have influence over our policies, which they do through the UN.
Europeans need to totally dismantle the European Union and regain national control over 
our borders and legislation. The EU is so deeply flawed and infiltrated by pro-Islamic 
thinking that it simply cannot be reformed. No, the EU isn’t the only problem we have, 
but it is the worst, and we can’t fix our other problems as long as the EU is in charge. 
And let’s end the stupid support for the Palestinians that the Eurabians have encouraged 
and start supporting our cultural cousin, Israel. Europe’s first line of defence starts in 
Jerusalem.
Europeans should adopt legislation similar to the First and Second Amendments in the 
American Bill of Rights, securing the right to free speech and gun ownership. The reason 
why European authorities are becoming increasingly totalitarian in their censorship 
efforts is to conceal the fact that they are no longer willing or able to uphold even the 
most basic security of their citizenry, far less our national borders.
We need to ditch the welfare state[8], which is probably doomed anyway. The welfare 
state wasn’t all bad, but it cannot compete in a world of billions of capitalists in low-cost 
countries. It creates a false sense of security in a dog-eat-dog world and breeds a 
passivity that is very dangerous in our struggle for survival. We should use the money to 
strengthen our border controls and rebuild credible militaries.. Western Europeans have 
lived under Pax Americana for so long that we have forgotten how to defend ourselves. 
This needs to change, and soon.
I recently read the book The Shock Doctrine[9] by the prominent left-wing intellectual 
Naomi Klein. That is, I made an attempt to read it. I gave up after a few chapters. Klein 
talks about how clean slate ideologies are dangerous, and mentions in passing some 
crimes committed by the Soviet regime and the criticism which followed its collapse. 
Then she says:
The process has sparked heated debate around the world about how many of these 
atrocities stemmed from the ideology invoked, as opposed to its distortion by adherents 
like Stalin, Ceausescu, Mao and Pol Pot. ‘It was flesh-and-blood Communism that 
imposed wholesale repression, culminating in a state-sponsored reign of terror,’ writes 
Stéphane Courtois, co-author of the contentious Black Book of Communism[10]. ‘Is the 
ideology itself blameless?’ Of course it is not. It doesn’t follow that all forms of 
Communism are inherently genocidal, as some have gleefully claimed, but it was 
certainly an interpretation of Communist theory that was doctrinaire, authoritarian, and 
contemptuous of pluralism that led to Stalin’s purges and to Mao’s re-education camps. 
Authoritarian Communism is, and should be, forever tainted by those real-world 
laboratories. But what of the contemporary crusade to liberate world markets?
Klein claims that not all forms of market systems have to be inherently violent. They can 
leave room for free health care, too. She condemns “authoritarian interpretations” of 
Communism, but not necessarily Communism as such. Exactly where we can find 
examples of non-authoritarian Communism she doesn’t say. That’s as far as self-criticism 
has progressed in the political Left a generation after we “defeated” Socialism.
The economist Milton Friedman, along with F. Hayek, is one of the villains of Naomi 
Klein’s book. According to her, Friedman has stated that “only a crisis — actual or 
perceived — produces real change. When that crisis occurs, the actions that are taken 
depend on the ideas that are lying around. That, I believe, is our basic function: to 
develop alternatives to existing policies, to keep them alive and available until the 
politically impossible becomes politically inevitable.” Friedman believes that during a 
crisis, we only have a brief window of opportunity before society slips back into the 
“tyranny of the status quo,” and that we need to use this opportunity or lose it.
This is actually sound advice and in my view the strategy Western survivalists should 
follow. When I first started writing as Fjordman I focused on how to “fix the system.” I’ve 
gradually come to the conclusion that the system cannot be fixed. Not only does it have 
too many enemies; it also contains too many internal contradictions. If we define the 
“system” as mass immigration from alien cultures, Globalism, multiculturalism and 
suppression of free speech in the name of “tolerance,” then this is going to collapse. It’s 
inevitable.
The goal of European and Western survivalists — and that’s what we are, it is our very 
survival that is at stake — should not be to “fix the system,” but to be mentally and 
physically prepared for its collapse, and to develop coherent answers to what went wrong 
and prepare to implement the necessary remedies when the time comes. We need to 
seize the window of opportunity, and in order to do so, we need to define clearly what we 
want to achieve. What went wrong with our civilisation, and how can we survive and 
hopefully regenerate, despite being an increasingly vulnerable minority in an often hostile 
world?
I have suggested that we never won the Cold War as decisively as we should have done. 
The enemy has been regrouping and now largely controls our media and educational 
institutions less than a generation after the fall of the Berlin Wall. We did not have public 
trials against the supporters of Marxism just as we did against Nazism. This was a serious 
mistake which we should not repeat again. If or when the European Union collapses and 
multiculturalism is defeated, we need to stage public trials against the creators of Eurabia 
and denounce the lies continuously told by our media and academia. Their ideology 
needs to be exposed as evil.
The political elites implement the agendas of our enemies and ignore the interests of 
their own people. They are collaborators and should be treated accordingly. The problem 
is that they currently feel quite comfortable and secure. They fear the reactions of 
Muslims, but despise their own people. They view us as sheep, existing only to provide 
them with champagne and nice cars and to be guinea pigs in their grandiose social 
experiments. Change will only come when they fear us, and the consequences of their 
own betrayal, more than they fear Muslims.
People of European origins can gain a future by reclaiming our past, and end the hostility 
to our civilisation and heritage which is too often taught in our education system today. 
We need to reject those who demonise us simply because we desire self-determination. 
In order to achieve this, we need to regain control over our national borders and 
legislation, and we need to reclaim control over the media. Those who control the media, 
control society.
It is easy to blame others, but we have to accept responsibility for our situation. Yes, we 
have indeed been betrayed by our leaders, but that’s still only part of the problem. 
People tend to get the governments they deserve. Maybe we get weak leaders because 
we are weak, or because they can exploit weaknesses in our mentality to get us where 
they want to; above all anti-Americanism, anti-Semitism, our excessive desire for 
consensus and suppression of dissent, the anti-individualistic legacy from Socialism and 
the passivity bred by welfare state bureaucracy. Muslims are stuck with their problems 
and corrupt leaders and blame everybody else for their own failures because they can 
never admit they are caused by deep flaws in their culture.. We shouldn’t make the same 
mistake. Europeans export wine; Arabs export whine. That’s the way it should be.
In his book The River War published in 1899, Winston Churchill wrote about the cursed 
effects of Mohammedanism (which is what Islam really is):
The effects are apparent in many countries. Improvident habits, slovenly systems of 
agriculture, sluggish methods of commerce, and insecurity of property exist wherever the 
followers of the Prophet rule or live. A degraded sensualism deprives this life of its grace 
and refinement; the next of its dignity and sanctity. The fact that in Mohammedan law 
every woman must belong to some man as his absolute property, either as a child, a 
wife, or a concubine, must delay the final extinction of slavery until the faith of Islam has 
ceased to be a great power among men. Individual Moslems may show splendid qualities 
— but the influence of the religion paralyses the social development of those who follow 
it. No stronger retrograde force exists in the world. Far from being moribund, 
Mohammedanism is a militant and proselytising faith. It has already spread throughout 
Central Africa, raising fearless warriors at every step; and were it not that Christianity is 
sheltered in the strong arms of science, the science against which it had vainly struggled, 
the civilisation of modern Europe might fall, as fell the civilisation of ancient Rome.
This description remains right today. Nevertheless, bad as it is, Islam isn’t the cause of 
our current weakness; it is a secondary infection. In addition to plain decadence, there is 
a widespread feeling in much of Europe that nothing is worth fighting for, certainly not 
through armed struggle. There are no Great Truths, everything is equal. Maybe Europe’s 
faith in itself died in Auschwitz, but it was severely wounded in the trenches of the First 
World War. It was WW1 that radicalised Europe, triggered the Russian Revolution and the 
rise of Soviet Communism, and filled Germany, including a young corporal named Adolf 
Hitler, with a desire for vengeance and much of the ammunition they needed for their rise 
to power in the 1930s.
I have heard claims that European civilisation will not survive the twenty-first century. A 
century is a very long time, we should remember that. Would anybody (except a 
Churchill) in the early twentieth century, when Europe was strong and powerful, have 
predicted that Europe would now be in the process of being overpowered by Algerians 
and Pakistanis? Things change. They can change for the worse, but they can also change 
for the better. Our ancestors, better men and women than we are, held the line against 
Islam for more than one thousand years, sacrificing their blood for the continent. By 
doing so, they not only preserved the European heartland and thus Western civilisation 
itself, but quite possibly the world in general from unchallenged Islamic dominance. The 
stakes involved now are no less than they were then, possibly even greater.
Some people claim that Europe isn’t worth fighting for, and that many people here 
deserve what’s coming. Some of them probably do, yes. The problem is that the people 
who deserve most to be punished for the current mess are the ones who are least likely 
to pay the price. The creators of Eurabia will be the first to flee the continent when the 
going gets tough, leaving those who have hardly heard of Eurabia and never approved of 
its creation to fight.
Edmund Burke believed that if a society can be seen as a contract, we must recognise 
that most parties to the contract are either dead or not yet born. I like that idea, which 

