# 2.92 Who Are We, Who Are Our Enemies - The Cost of Historical Amnesia

> 原文页码: 710-716

figures of the Buddha marked the transition from seal impression to woodcut in China.
The oldest surviving printed texts from East Asia are Buddhist scriptures. Printing was 
thus used to promulgate a specific religion, just like Gutenberg’s printing press in Europe 
was later used to print Bibles. The Islamic Middle East, however, for centuries rejected 
both the Eastern and the Western printing traditions due to religious intolerance and 
hostility towards pictorial arts. And they suffered all the more for it.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/05/what-do-we-fight-for.html
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/caucasophobia-accepted-racism.html
2. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/01/rise-of-glossocracy.html
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/recommendations-for-west.html
4. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/736fyrpi.asp
5. http://www.childrenofmillennium.org/heroes/downfall.htm
6. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1282
7. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015899.php
2.92 Who Are We, Who Are Our Enemies - The Cost of Historical Amnesia
By Fjordman:
The Jihad, the Islamic so-called Holy War, has been a fact of life in Europe, Asia, Africa and 
the Near and Middle East for more than 1300 years, but this is the first history of the 
Muslim wars in Europe ever to be published. Hundreds of books, however, have appeared 
on its Christian counterpart, the Crusades, to which the Jihad is often compared, although 
they lasted less than two hundred years and unlike the Jihad, which is universal, were 
largely but not completely confined to the Holy Land. Moreover, the Crusades have been 
over for more than 700 years, while a Jihad is still going on in the world. The Jihad has 
been the most unrecorded and disregarded major event of history. It has, in fact, been 
largely ignored. For instance, the Encyclopaedia Britannica gives the Crusades eighty times 
more space than the Jihad." 
The quote is from Paul Fregosi's book Jihad in the West[1] from 1998. Mr. Fregosi found 
that his book about the history of Islamic Holy War in Europe from the 7th to the 20th 
centuries was difficult to get published in the mid-1990s, when publishers had the 
Salman Rushdie case in fresh memory.
A few years later, an even more comprehensive book, The Legacy of Jihad, was published 
by Andrew G. Bostom. Bostom has written about what he calls "America's First War on 
Terror[2]."
Thomas Jefferson and John Adams, then serving as American ambassadors to France and 
Britain, respectively, met in 1786 in London with the Tripolitan Ambassador to Britain, 
Sidi Haji Abdul Rahman Adja. These future American presidents were attempting to 
negotiate a peace treaty which would spare the United States the ravages of Jihad piracy 
– murder and enslavement emanating from the so-called Barbary States of North Africa, 
corresponding to modern Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya.
Andrew Bostom notes that "an aggressive jihad was already being waged against the 
United States almost 200 years prior to America becoming a dominant international 
power in the Middle East." Israel has thus nothing to do with it.
The Barbary Jihad piracy had been going on since the earliest Arab-Islamic expansion in 
the 7th and 8th centuries. Francisco Gabrieli states that:
"According to present-day concepts of international relations, such activities amounted to 
piracy, but they correspond perfectly to jihad, an Islamic religious duty. The conquest of 
Crete, in the east, and a good portion of the corsair warfare along the Provencal and 
Italian coasts, in the West, are among the most conspicuous instances of such "private 
initiative" which contributed to Arab domination in the Mediterranean."
A proto-typical Muslim naval razzia occurred in 846 when a fleet of Arab Jihadists arrived 
at the mouth of the Tiber, made their way to Rome, sacked the city, and carried away 
from the basilica of St. Peter all of the gold and silver it contained.
During the 16th and 17th centuries, as many Europeans were captured, sold, and 
enslaved by the Barbary corsairs as were West Africans made captive and shipped for 
plantation labour in the Americas by European slave traders. Robert Davis' methodical 
enumeration indicates that between one, and one and one-quarter million white 
European Christians were enslaved by the Barbary Muslims from 1530 through 1780.
White Gold, Giles Milton's remarkable account of Cornish cabin boy Thomas Pellow, 
captured by Barbary corsairs in 1716, documents how Jihad razzias had extended to 
England: 
[p. 13, "By the end of the dreadful summer of 1625, the mayor of Plymouth reckoned that 
1,000 skiffs had been destroyed, and a similar number of villagers carried off into slavery"], 
Wales, southern Ireland [p.16, "In 1631…200 Islamic soldiers…sailed to the village of 
Baltimore, storming ashore with swords drawn and catching the villagers totally by 
surprise. (They) carried off 237 men, women, and children and took them to Algiers…The 
French padre Pierre Dan was in the city (Algiers) at the time…He witnessed the sale of the 
captives in the slave auction. 'It was a pitiful sight to see them exposed in the market…
Women were separated from their husbands and the children from their fathers…on one 
side a husband was sold; on the other his wife; and her daughter was torn from her arms 
without the hope that they'd ever see each other again'."], and even Reykjavik, Iceland!
Bostom notes that "By June/July 1815 the ably commanded U.S. naval forces had dealt 
their Barbary jihadist adversaries a quick series of crushing defeats. This success ignited 
the imagination of the Old World powers to rise up against the Barbary pirates."
Yet some Arabs seem to miss the good, old days when they could extract Jizya payments 
from the West. Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi has stated that he thinks that European 
nations should pay 10 billion euros ($12.7 billion dollars) a year to Africa to help it stop 
migrants seeking a better life flooding northwards into Europe. He added without 
elaborating: "Earth belongs to everybody. Why they (young Africans) emigrated to 
Europe -- this should be answered by Europeans."
Apart from being a clear-cut example of how migration, or rather population dumping by 
Third World countries, has become a tool for blackmail in the 21st century, this is a 
throwback to the age when Tripoli could extract payments from Europe.
Sadly, Americans seem to have forgotten the lessons from this proud chapter in their 
history, when they refused to pay ransom to Muslims like the Europeans did and instead 
sent warships to the Mediterranean under the slogan "Millions for defence, not one penny 
for tribute!" Since WW2, we've had three major conflicts in the Balkans: In Cyprus, in 
Bosnia and in Kosovo. On all three occasions, the United States have interfered on behalf 
of Muslims. Yet despite this fact, two of the 9/11 hijackers[3] said that their actions were 
inspired by an urge to avenge the suffering of Muslims in Bosnia.
As Efraim Karsh, author of the book Islamic Imperialism: A History points out, America 
is[4] reviled in the Muslim world not because of its specific policies "but because, as the 
pre-eminent world power, it blocks the final realisation of this same age-old dream of a 
universal Islamic empire (or umma)."
According to Hugh Fitzgerald[5], "One must keep in mind both the way in which some 
atrocities ascribed to Serbs were exaggerated, while the atrocities inflicted on them were 
minimised or ignored altogether. But what was most disturbing was that there was no 
context to anything: nothing about the centuries of Muslim rule.
Had such a history been discussed early on, Western governments might have 
understood and attempted to assuage the deep fears evoked by the Bosnian Muslim 
leader, Izetbegovic, when he wrote that he intended to create a Muslim state in Bosnia 
and impose the Sharia not merely there, but everywhere that Muslims had once ruled in 
the Balkans. Had the Western world shown the slightest intelligent sympathy or 
understanding of what that set off in the imagination of many Serbs (and elsewhere, 
among the Christians in the Balkans and in Greece), there might never have been such a 
violent Serbian reaction, and someone like [Slobodan] Milosevic might never have 
obtained power."
In 1809, after the battle on Cegar Hill, by order of Turkish pasha Hurshid the skulls of the 
killed Serbian soldiers were built in a tower, Skull Tower, on the way to Constantinople. 3 
metres high, Skull Tower was built out of 952 skulls as a warning to the Serbian people 
not to oppose their Muslim rulers. Some years later, a chapel was built over the skulls.
Similar Jihad massacres were committed not only against the Serbs, but against the 
Greeks, the Bulgarians and other non-Muslims who slowly rebelled against the Ottoman 
Empire throughout the 19th century. Professor Vahakn Dadrian[6] and others have 
clearly identified Jihad as a critical factor in the Armenian genocide in the early 20th 
century. This genocide by the Turks allegedly inspired Adolf Hitler in his Holocaust against 
the Jews later: "Who, after all, speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?"
As Efraim Karsh[7] notes, "The Ottomans embarked on an orgy of bloodletting in 
response to the nationalist aspirations of their European subjects. The Greek war of 
independence of the 1820's, the Danubian uprisings of 1848 and the attendant Crimean 
war, the Balkan explosion of the 1870's, the Greco-Ottoman war of 1897--all were painful 
reminders of the costs of resisting Islamic imperial rule."
In his book Onward Muslim Soldiers, Robert Spencer quotes a letter from Bosnia, written 
in 1860 by the acting British Consul in Sarajevo, James Zohrab[8]:
"The hatred of the Christians toward the Bosniak Mussulmans is intense. During a period of 
nearly 300 years they were subjected to much oppression and cruelty. For them no other 
law but the caprice of their masters existed....Oppression cannot now be carried on as 
openly as formerly, but it must not be supposed that, because the Government employés 
do not generally appear as the oppressors, the Christians are well treated and protected."
Bosnia's wartime president Alija Izetbegovic died in 2003, hailed worldwide as a 
moderate Muslim leader. Little was said in Western media[9] about the fact that in his 
1970 Islamic Declaration, which got him jailed by the Communists in Yugoslavia, he 
advocated "a struggle for creating a great Islamic federation from Morocco to Indonesia, 
from the tropical Africa to the Central Asia. The Islamic movement should and must start 
taking over the power as soon as it is morally and numerically strong enough to not only 
overthrow the existing non-Islamic, but also to build up a new Islamic authority." 
Alija Izetbegovic also received money from a Saudi businessman, Yassin al-Kadi, who has 
been designated by the United States, the United Nations, and the European Union as a 
financier of al-Qaeda terrorists. Evan F. Kohlmann[10], author of Al-Qaeda's Jihad in 
Europe: The Afghan-Bosnian Network, argues that the "key to understanding Al Qaida's 
European cells lies in the Bosnian war of the 1990s." In 1992, the Bosnian Muslim 
government of Alija Izetbegovic issued a passport in the Vienna embassy to Osama bin 
Laden. The Wall Street Journal reported in 2001 that "for the past 10 years, the most 
senior leaders of al Qaeda have visited the Balkans, including bin Laden himself on three 
occasions between 1994 and 1996. The Egyptian surgeon turned terrorist leader Ayman 
Al-Zawahiri has operated terrorist training camps, weapons of mass destruction factories 
and money-laundering and drug-trading networks throughout Albania, Kosovo, 
Macedonia, Bulgaria, Turkey and Bosnia."
Samuel Huntington mentioned already in 1993 in his famous article "The Clash of 
Civilisations" in the journal Foreign Affairs that both the Shi'a Muslims of Iran and the 
Sunni Muslims of Saudi Arabia supplied substantial funding, weapons and men to the 
Bosnians. Thousands of foreign fighters or 'Mujahadeen' from Islamic countries came to 
Bosnia to fight on the side of local Muslims in the bloody 1992-1995 civil war. Many of 
these Mujahadeen remained in Bosnia after the war, and some have been operating 
terrorist training camps and indoctrinating local youths.
Terrorists have been working, not just in Bosnia but in Albania and all over the Balkans, 
to recruit non-Arab sympathisers — so-called "white Muslims"[11] with Western features 
who theoretically could more easily blend into European cities and execute attacks.
Saudi Arabia is said to have invested more than $1 billion in the Sarajevo region[12] 
alone, for projects that include the construction of 158 mosques. The Islamic world is 
thus using the Balkans as a launching pad for Jihad against the rest of Europe and the 
West. "There are religious centres in Bulgaria[13] that belong to Islamic groups financed 
mostly by Saudi Arabian groups," the head of Bulgarian military intelligence warned. 
According to him, the centres were in southern and southeastern Bulgaria, where the 
country's Muslims, mainly of Turkish origin, are concentrated, and "had links with similar 
organisations in Kosovo, Bosnia and Macedonia. For them Bulgaria seems to be a transit 
point to Western Europe." He said the steps were taken to prevent terrorist groups 
gaining a foothold in Bulgaria, which shares a border with Turkey. Bulgaria's Turkish 
minority accounts for 10 percent of the country's population.
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia passed a law allowing ethnic Albanians to 
display the Albanian national flag[14] in areas where they form the majority. The decision 
came as a result of seven months of heavy fighting in 2001 involving Albanian 
separatists, and following pressure from the European Union[15], always ready to please 
Muslims.
Ethnic Albanians make up about 25 per cent of Macedonia's population. If the 
demographic trends are anything like in Kosovo, where the predominantly Muslim 
Albanians have been out-breeding their non-Muslim neighbours, the Macedonians could 
be facing serious trouble in the near future. In Kosovo, dozens of churches and 
monasteries[16] have been destroyed or seriously damaged following ethnic cleansing of 
Christian Serbs, all under the auspices of NATO soldiers.
In a commentary, "We bombed the wrong side?" former Canadian UNPROFOR 
Commander Lewis MacKenzie wrote, "The Kosovo-Albanians have played us like a 
Stradivarius. We have subsidised and indirectly supported their violent campaign for an 
ethnically pure and independent Kosovo. We have never blamed them for being the 
perpetrators of the violence in the early '90s and we continue to portray them as the 
designated victim today in spite of evidence to the contrary. When they achieve 
independence with the help of our tax dollars combined with those of bin Laden and al-
Qaeda, just consider the message of encouragement this sends to other terrorist-
supported independence movements around the world."
Martti Ahtisaari[17], former President of Finland and now Chief United Nations negotiator 
for Kosovo, caused anger in Serbia when he stated that "Serbs are guilty as people," 
implying that they would have to pay for it, possibly by losing the province of Kosovo 
which is seeking independence.
I disagree with Mr. Ahtisaari. It is one thing to criticise the brutality of the Milosevic 
regime. It is quite another thing to claim that "Serbs are guilty as a people." If anybody 
in the Balkans can be called guilty as a people, it is the Turks, not the Serbs. The Turks 
have left a trail of blood across much of Europe and the Mediterranean for centuries, 
culminating in the Armenian genocide in the 20th century, which Turkey still refuses to 
acknowledge, let alone apologise for.
Dimitar Angelov[18] elucidates the impact of the Ottoman Jihad on the vanquished 
Balkan populations:
"…the conquest of the Balkan Peninsula accomplished by the Turks over the course of about 
two centuries caused the incalculable ruin of material goods, countless massacres, the 
enslavement and exile of a great part of the population – in a word, a general and 
protracted decline of productivity, as was the case with Asia Minor after it was occupied by 
the same invaders. This decline in productivity is all the more striking when one recalls that 
in the mid-fourteenth century, as the Ottomans were gaining a foothold on the peninsula, 
the States that existed there – Byzantium, Bulgaria and Serbia – had already reached a 
rather high level of economic and cultural development….The campaigns of Mourad II 
(1421-1451) and especially those of his successor, Mahomet II (1451-1481) in Serbia, 
Bosnia, Albania and in the Byzantine princedom of the Peloponnesus, were of a particularly 
devastating character."
This Ottoman Jihad tradition is still continued by "secular" Turkey to this day. Michael J. 
Totten visited Varosha, the Ghost City of Cyprus[19], in 2005. The city was deserted 
during the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974 and is now fenced off and patrolled by the 
Turkish occupiers. The Turks carved up the island. Greek Cypriot citizens in Varosha 
expected to return to their homes within days. Instead, the Turks seized the empty city 
and wrapped it in fencing and wire.
In March 2006, Italian Luigi Geninazzi[20] made a report from the same area. 180,000 
persons live in the northern part of the island, 100,000 of whom are colonists originally 
from mainland Turkey.
According to Geninazzi, the Islamisation of the north of Cyprus has been concretised in 
the destruction of all that was Christian. Yannis Eliades, director of the Byzantine 
Museum of Nicosia, calculates that 25,000 icons have disappeared from the churches in 
the zone occupied by the Turks. Stupendous Byzantine and Romanesque churches, 
imposing monasteries, mosaics and frescoes have been sacked, violated, and destroyed. 
Many have been turned into restaurants, bars, and nightclubs.
Geninazzi confronted Huseyn Ozel, a government spokesman for the self-proclaimed 
Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, with this. Most of the mosques in Greek Cypriot 
territory have been restored. So why are churches still today being turned into mosques? 
The Turkish Cypriot functionary spreads his arms wide: "It is an Ottoman custom..."
A person from Finland, one of the northernmost countries in Europe which has had very 
little direct experience with Jihad, can perhaps be excused for understanding so little of 
it. But people from Russia, a country which was once under the Tartar Yoke, should know 
better. So why are the Russians[21] helping The Islamic Republic of Iran with missile[22] 
and nuclear technology that will eventually be used to intimidate the West? Are the 
Russians so naive that they believe this beast won't eventually come back to bite them, 
too? Iran is secretly training Chechen rebels in sophisticated terror techniques to enable 
them to carry out more effective attacks against Russian[23] forces, the Sunday 
Telegraph has revealed. 
Islam was controlled in the Soviet Union but has had a renaissance since its downfall in 
1991, helped by funds from the Middle East. This re-Islamisation of Central Asia should 
really worry the Russians. They are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on a border 
security[24] project in the region, partly to avoid being demographically overwhelmed by 
Muslims. But the problem exists within Russia itself, too.
Russia's non-Muslim population is declining, but numbers are rising in Muslim regions. 
Will the country called Russia still exist in the future? And if so, will it be the Russia of 
Pushkin or of Abdullah? It is understandable that the Russians have Great Power 
ambitions of their own. However, one would hope that they will wake up, remember their 
history and realise that there are worse threats out there than American power.
Paul Fregosi has pointed out that "Western colonisation of nearby Muslim lands lasted 
130 years, from the 1830s to the 1960s. Muslim colonisation of nearby European lands 
lasted 1300 years, from the 600s to the mid-1960s. Yet, strangely, it is the Muslims, the 
Arabs and the Moors to be precise, who are the most bitter about colonialism and the 
humiliations to which they have been subjected; and it is the Europeans who harbor the 
shame and the guilt. It should be the other way around."
Janos (John) Hunyadi, Hungarian warrior and captain-general, is today virtually unknown 
outside Hungary, but he probably did more than any other individual in stemming the 
Turkish invasion in the fifteenth century. His actions spanned all the countries of the 
Balkans, leading international armies, negotiating with kings and popes. Hunyadi died of 
plague after having destroyed an Ottoman fleet outside Belgrade in1456. His work 
slowed the Muslim advance, and may thus have saved Western Europe from falling to 
Islam. By extension, he may have helped save Western civilisation in North America and 
Australia, too. Yet hardly anybody in West knows who he is. Our children don't learn his 
name, they are only taught about the evils of Western colonialism and the dangers of 
Islamophobia.
Western Europe today is a strange and very dangerous mix of arrogance and self-
loathing. Muslims are creating havoc and attacking their non-Muslim neighbours from 
Thailand to India. It is extremely arrogant to believe that the result will be any different 
in the Netherlands, Britain or Italy, or for that matter in the United States or Canada, 
than it has been everywhere else. It won't. If we had the humility to listen to the advice 
of the Hindus of India or even our Christian cousins in south-eastern Europe, we wouldn't 
be in as much trouble as we are now.
On the other hand, if we didn't have such a culture of self-loathing, where our own 
cultural traditions are ridiculed in favor of a meaningless Multicultural cocktail, we 
probably wouldn't have allowed massive Muslim immigration, either. There doesn't have 
to be a contradiction between being proud of your own cultural heritage and knowing that 
there may still be lessons you can learn from others. A wise man can do both. 
Westerners of or our age do neither. Sun Tzu[25], a contemporary of the great Chinese 
thinker Confucius, wrote The Art of War, the influential book on military strategy, 2500 
years ago. It is a book that deserves to be read in full, but perhaps the most famous 
quotation from it is this one:
"So it is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperiled in 
a hundred battles; if you do not know your enemies but do know yourself, you will win one 
and lose one; if you do not know your enemies nor yourself, you will be imperiled in every 
single battle."
The West has forgotten who our enemies are, but worse, we have also forgotten who we 
are. We are going to pay a heavy price for this historical amnesia.
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/013369.php
1. http://www.amazon.com/Jihad-West-Muslim-Conquests-Centuries/dp/1573922471/
2. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22314
3. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=22476&only
4. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22333
5. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/011437.php
6. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005865.php
7. http://www.opinionjournal.com/federation/feature/?id=110008181
8. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006114.php
9. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/013044.php
10. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/007042.php
11. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/011083.php
12. http://www.spiegel.de/international/spiegel/0,1518,383962,00.html
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/000625.php
14. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/07/turkish-and-albanian-flags-to-be.html
15. http://euobserver.com/9/22338
16. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/09/last-orthodox-church-in-kosovo-might.html
17. http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level_English.php?cat=Politics&loid=8.0.334408002&par=0
18. http://www.andrewbostom.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=78&Itemid=27
19. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=18088_The_Ghost_City_of_Cyprus
20. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010542.php
21. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/008230.php
22. http://43.317.5.383subf85:Oxojllw754896853415ИШ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2005/10/16/wiran16.xml&sSheet=/portal/2005/10/16/ixportaltop.html
23. http://53.485.-2.260plusf67:OVpktrj211158769438ЧМ 
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml;jsessionid=NM0GT50CSRAIHQFIQMFCFFWAVCBQYIV0?
xml=/news/2005/11/27/wchech27.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/11/27/ixworld.html
24. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007225.php
25. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sun_Tzu

