# 2.93 A European Declaration of Independence

> 原文页码: 717-722

2.93 A European Declaration of Independence
By Fjordman
After the death a while ago of Rinie Mulder[1], a 54-year old indigenous Dutchman who 
was shot by a police officer, non-immigrant citizens went on a rampage in Utrecht. 
Apparently Mulder intervened when Muslim youths harassed a pregnant native Dutch 
woman. Locals claim the police have failed to protect them for years. They say the 
authorities are afraid of the immigrants and tolerate their criminal behaviour.
This issue is not just about Utrecht or Holland. Similar resentment against Muslim 
immigrants, but at least as much against their own authorities, is quietly brewing among 
the natives all over Western Europe.
It is insulting that two thirds of the Dutch, one of the founding members of the European 
community, voted against the proposed EU Constitution, and yet EU leaders will 
apparently just ignore this and force their massively undemocratic Constitution down 
people's throats anyway. The German Presidency wants EU leaders to agree on a text for 
a new treaty by February 2008. The label 'Constitution' is to be dropped[2], in order to 
avoid further referendums.
 
European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso expressed unease[3] with the 
prospect of a second Dutch constitution referendum. "Referendums make the process of 
approval of European treaties much more complicated and less predictable," he said "If a 
referendum had been held on the creation of the European Community or the 
introduction of the Euro, do you think these would have passed?"
 
Although the EU warns against "Islamophobia[4]," those who live in the real world know 
that there has been an explosion of violent infidelophobia in Western Europe staged by 
Muslim immigrants. This wave of violence especially targets Jews[5], but the attacks 
against Christians[6] that are going on in the Middle East are increasingly spreading to 
Europe as well[7]. In more and more cities across the continent, non-Muslims are being 
harassed, robbed, mugged, raped, stabbed and even killed by Muslims. Native Europeans 
are slowly becoming second-rate citizens in their own countries.
 
This violence by Muslims is usually labelled simply as "crime," but I believe it should 
more accurately be called Jihad. Those who know early Islamic history, as described in 
books such as The Truth About Muhammad[8] by Robert Spencer, know that looting and 
stealing the property of non-Muslims[9] has been part and parcel of Jihad from the very 
beginning. In fact, so much of the behaviour of Muhammad himself and the early 
Muslims could be deemed criminal[10] that it is difficult to know exactly where crime 
ends and Jihad begins. In the city of Oslo, for instance, it is documented that some of the 
criminal Muslim gangs also have close ties to radical religious groups (33) at home and 
abroad. As Dutch Arabist Hans Jansen points out[11], the Koran is seen by some Muslims 
as a God-given "hunting licence," granting them the right to assault and even murder 
non-Muslims. It is hardly accidental that while Muslims make up about 10% of the 
population in France, they make up an estimated 70% of French prison inmates[12].
 
In the city of Antwerp, Belgium, Marij Uijt den Bogaard[13] from 2003 to 2006 worked as 
a civil servant in the immigrant borough of Berchem. She noted how radical Islamist 
groups began to take over the immigrant neighbourhoods, but was fired when she 
warned against this danger in her reports to the authorities:
"Many victims of burglaries in houses and cars, of steaming and other forms of violence, 
can testify that aggression by Muslims is not directed against brothers and sisters, but 
against whoever is a kafir, a non-believer. Young Muslims justify their behaviour towards 
women who do not wear the headscarf, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, by referring to the 
Salafist teaching which says that these women are whores and should be treated as such. 
They told me this. I wrote it down in my reports, but the authorities refuse to hear it."
Filmmaker Pierre Rehov tells how[14] a friend of his is a retired chief of police who used 
to be in charge of the security of a major city in the south of France. According to him, 
80% of the rapes in the area were made by Muslim young men. In most cases, the 
parents would not understand why they would be arrested. The only evil those parents 
would see, genuinely, was the temptation that the male children had to face from infidel 
women.
 
The wave of robberies the increasingly Muslim-dominated city of Malmö is witnessing is 
part of a "war against Swedes," this according to statements from the immigrant youths 
themselves. "When we are in the city and robbing, we are waging a war, waging a war 
against the Swedes." This argument was repeated several times. "Power for me means 
that Swedes shall look at me, lie down on the ground and kiss my feet."
 
Jonathan Friedman, an American living in Sweden, mentions that the so-called 
Integration Act of 1997 proclaimed that "Sweden is a Multicultural society[15]." The Act 
implicitly states that Sweden doesn't have a history, only the various ethnic groups that 
live there. Native Swedes have been reduced to just another ethnic group in Sweden, 
with no more claim to the country than the Somalis who arrived there last Thursday. As 
Friedman puts it: "In Sweden, it's almost as if the state has sided with the immigrants 
against the Swedish working class."
 
Pierre Schori, Minister for immigration, during a parliamentary debate in 1997 said that: 
"Racism and xenophobia should be banned and chased [away]," and that one should not 
accept "excuses, such as that there were flaws in the immigration and refugee policies." 
In other words: It should be viewed as a crime for the indigenous population not to assist 
in wiping themselves out. The state is turned into an enemy of the very population it is 
supposed to protect. Swedes pay some of the highest tax rates in the world, and for this 
they get runaway crime rates and a government that is actively hostile to their interests.
 
Exit the People's Home of Sweden is a book from 2005 about immigration and the 
Swedish welfare state model. According to the authors, the Multicultural elites see 
themselves first of all as citizens of the world. In order to emphasise and accentuate 
diversity, everything that smacks of "native culture" is deliberately disparaged. 
Opposition to this policy is considered a form of racism:
"The dominant ideology in Sweden, which has been made dominant by powerful methods 
of silencing and repression, is a totalitarian ideology, where the elites oppose the national 
aspect of the nation state."
 
Researchers Gert Tinggaard Svendsen og Gunnar Lind Haase Svendsen have written the 
book Social Kapital [16]. When general levels of trust were measured in 86 countries, the 
Nordic nations Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland came out on top. According to the 
authors, the trust between citizens and the trust between citizens and the state is very 
high in these countries, and this "social capital" is highly profitable and accounts for up a 
to a quarter of these countries' wealth.
However, they also warn that such trust is vulnerable. A society can lose its social capital 
and trust rather quickly, but it can take centuries to rebuild it. This social capital is now 
being squandered a matter of official state policy all over Western Europe, accompanied 
by wild cheers from the media and the intelligentsia.
 
Although such high levels of trust are in many ways attractive and desirable, they also 
contain some potential pitfalls. People's trusting nature may make them easy targets for 
outsiders from more cynical cultures, who view them as gullible fools. However, it also 
makes them vulnerable to threats from within.
 
In the 1990s, Swedish authorities decided that native Swedes and their culture had no 
more claim to the country than Kurds. At the same time, the country became a member 
of the EU. Mass immigration to Sweden started years before EU membership and wasn't 
caused by this, but the EU certainly didn't help. Now suddenly, as with other EU 
members, Swedes have most of their laws passed by unelected EU bureaucrats rather 
than their own elected national representatives.
 
Swedes were used to that laws were passed with their consent and with their best 
interests in mind, because by and large they had been. Within a few years, all of this has 
changed. Laws are now passed by EU bureaucrats who don't give a damn about their 
interests, and by elites who don't care about their own people, in fact view them as 
potential stumbling blocks for the new Multicultural society. Yet most Europeans still 
follow these laws. Why? I can see at least two reasons.
 
Germany's ex-president Roman Herzog pointed out[17] that between 1999 and 2004, 84 
percent of the legal acts in Germany stemmed from Brussels, and warned that "EU 
policies suffer to an alarming degree from a lack of democracy and a de facto suspension 
of the separation of powers. The question has to be raised of whether Germany can still 
unreservedly be called a parliamentary democracy."
 
Why is this pan-European EU dictatorship still functioning? Because seeing is believing. 
Most Europeans still don't know that EU leaders are using their money without their 
consent to merge Europe with the Arab world[18] because their media don't tell them 
this. Due to the common Euro currency and the lack of national borders they can move 
around most of Europe at ease, which seems convenient. They don't physically see, 
however, that the EU has also usurped the power of their national parliaments. The latter 
appear to be working just as always, but have now been reduced to implementing the 
policies of unelected Eurocrats.
 
The second reason is because ordinary European citizens are held hostage by their own 
law-abiding nature. Abiding by rules and regulations used to serve them well in the past, 
but things have changed. Even the laws that are in their interest are no longer upheld. 
Their nations have vacated their national borders and the ensuing uncontrolled mass 
immigration is creating rampant urban insecurity.
 
For Dutchmen, in what once was a peaceful and orderly country, to go against decades of 
indoctrination to stage something like the recent uprisings in Utrecht, they have to feel 
an extreme amount of repressed frustration and anger. Perhaps they watched the media 
reactions to the Muslim riots in France, which were sympathetic and were followed by 
promises from political leaders to listen to the "legitimate grievances" of the rioters. 
Perhaps the native Dutch in Utrecht thought that hey, we are quiet and peaceful and yet 
we get only contempt from our so-called leaders. Muslims burn stuff and get concessions. 
Perhaps we should start burning stuff, too. What have we got to lose? We're already 
losing our country.
 
The excellent Chinese blogger Ohmyrus[19] has warned against precisely this:
"While it took a long time for Europeans to learn to settle their differences peacefully 
through the ballot box, this important lesson is slowly being unlearned. The lesson learned 
from the Danish cartoon affair is that violence pays. Most Western governments caved in by 
issuing apologies or condemning the cartoons instead of defending free speech. Soon 
groups that oppose immigration will turn to violence too. If European democracies cannot 
manage their ethnic tensions, democracy will break down, ushering in dictatorial rule."
In a British poll from January 2007[20], a massive 82% disagreed (57% strongly) as to 
whether the government was in control of immigration. When asked if the government 
was "open and honest" about the scale of immigration into Britain, 80% disagreed. Sir 
Andrew Green, chairman of Migrationwatch, said: "After a decade of efforts to stifle 
debate, there is now a fundamental lack of trust between the Government and the public 
on this issue." The numbers also "reflect a deep underlying resentment among the public 
that they have not had any opportunity to express their views – still less to be consulted 
- on a matter of major importance to them and to the future of our country."
 
According to Theodore Dalrymple[21], "For the last 40 years, government policy in 
Britain, de facto if not always de jure, has been to render the British population virtually 
defenceless against criminals and criminality. Almost alone of British government policies, 
this one has been supremely effective: no Briton nowadays goes many hours without 
wondering how to avoid being victimised by a criminal intent on theft, burglary, or 
violence."
 
He fears that "the failure of the state to protect the lives and property of its citizens, and 
to take seriously its duty in this regard, creates a politically dangerous situation, for it 
puts the very legitimacy of the state itself at risk. The potential consequences are 
incalculable, for the failure might bring the rule of law itself into disrepute and give an 
opportunity to the brutal and the authoritarian."
 
In Norway, local politician Bengt Michalsen had a tape[22] from a surveillance camera 
clearly identifying two youths as doing damage to a van at a car park. He delivered the 
tape to the police, and months later received a note that the case had been dismissed 
because the police didn't have the capacity to prosecute it. According to the local police 
chief, the public "just had to get used to" the fact the police wouldn't spend time on petty 
crime.
 
So, that means that Scandinavians will have to protect our own property, right? Not 
exactly. The authorities just want us to take it lying down and do nothing.
 
In Denmark, at least one of three would-be robbers shot by a watchmaker plans to file 
for compensation[23] over wrongful injury, loss of work time and loss of the ability to 
work. The three threatened the watchmaker by putting a fake pistol up to his chin, but 
he had a real pistol behind his counter and managed to fire it. He was charged with 
unlawful possession of a firearm and taken into police custody. Attorney Svend Raether 
said that it is possible for the thief to receive compensation, despite having been injured 
while committing a crime.
 
Citizens in Western European countries pay high taxes to a state that is totally incapable 
of protecting our most basic rights, and is frequently unwilling even to try. With hate 
speech laws we are deprived of the right to protest against being swamped by 
immigration that will eventually render us minorities in our own countries. The law is 
used to punish the law-abiding while the criminals rule the streets.
 
If the authorities refuse to uphold the laws designed to protect us and keep passing new 
laws that threaten the freedom of our children and the survival of our nations, we will 
sooner or later have to decide when civil disobedience becomes not just a right, but a 
duty. And I fear what will happen once we reach that point, which may not be too far off. 
Judging from the recent uprisings in Utrecht, this process has already begun.
 
Vladimir Bukovksy, a former Soviet dissident, fears that the European Union is on its way 
to becoming another Soviet Union[24]:
"The sooner we finish with the EU the better. The sooner it collapses the less damage it will 
have done to us and to other countries. But we have to be quick because the Eurocrats are 
moving very fast. It will be difficult to defeat them. Today it is still simple. If one million 
people march on Brussels today these guys will run away to the Bahamas. If tomorrow half 
of the British population refuses to pay its taxes, nothing will happen and no-one will go to 
jail. Today you can still do that."
Mr. Bukovsky is right. Europeans should launch tax rebellions and stage street 
demonstrations in every major European city until Muslim immigration is ended. We 
should stage a Million Man March to Brussels, for instance on September 11th this year, 
to demand that the pan-European dictatorship called the European Union is dismantled. 
We need to get angry and squeeze our so-called leaders into doing this, since they 
obviously understand nothing else.
 
Here is what Thomas Jefferson wrote in the American Declaration of Independence[25] 
from 1776:
"That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right 
of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its 
foundation on such principles and organising its powers in such form, as to them shall seem 
most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. [...] It is their right, it is their duty, to 
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security."
Europeans are currently subject to worse insults from our governments than the 
Americans were at that time, being persecuted in our own cities and subject to a 
government-supported program of gradual cultural eradication. We need a European 
Declaration of Independence, calling for our emancipation from the bureaucratic 
feudalism of Brussels and the totalitarian ideology of multiculturalism. Allow me to write 
the first draft:
A European Declaration of Independence
 
We, the citizens of the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Spain, Italy, Germany, Sweden, 
Denmark, Ireland, Hungary, (fill in the blanks) demand that the following steps are taken 
immediately:
 
We demand that our national governments should immediately and without delay pull their 
countries out of the European Union, which should be dismantled entirely. European 
citizens pay up to half of their salaries in direct or indirect taxes to their nation states. If 
these nations do not control their own borders nor their policies, and they don't as long as 
the EU exists, those taxes are a scam. National taxes require national borders. If our 
national borders are not enforced, we have no obligation whatsoever to pay national taxes.
 
We demand that all documents regarding the Euro-Arab Dialogue and the creation of the 
Eurabian networks for "Euro-Mediterranean cooperation" between European countries and 
Arab countries since the 1970s, as documented by Bat Ye'or's work on Eurabia, are 
published and explained in their full significance to the general public. Those chiefly 
responsible for this - one of the greatest betrayals in the history of Western civilisation - 
should stand trial, followed by a period of general de-Eurabification of our laws and 
regulations.
 
We demand that all financial support to the Palestinian Authority should cease immediately. 
It is proven beyond any doubt that this has in the past been used to finance campaigns of 
Jihad terrorism against Jews in Israel and against Christians in territories under PA control. 
A public statement in support of Israel against Muslim aggression should be issued, and the 
money that has previously been awarded to Palestinians should be allocated partly to 
Israel's defence, partly to establish a Global Infidel Defence Fund with the stated goal of 
disseminating information about Muslim persecution of non-Muslims worldwide.
 
We demand that the ideology of multiculturalism should immediately be removed from all 
government policies and school curricula, and that the state should adopt a policy of 
supporting the continuation of the cultural heritage and traditions of the indigenous 
populations. Multiculturalism has never been about tolerance. It is an anti-Western hate 
ideology championed as an instrument for unilaterally dismantling European culture. As 
such, it is an evil ideology bent on an entire culture's eradication, and we, the peoples of 
Europe, have not just a right, but a duty to resist it and an obligation to pass on our 
heritage to future generations.
 
We demand that all Muslim immigration in whatever form should be immediately and 
completely halted, and that our authorities take a long break from mass immigration in 
general until such a time when law and order has been reestablished in our major cities. 
We will not accept any accusations of "racism." Many European nations have for decades 
accepted more immigration into our countries in a shorter period of time than any other 
people has done peacefully in human history. 
 
We are sick and tired of feeling like strangers in our own lands, of being mugged, raped, 
stabbed, harassed and even killed by violent gangs of Muslim thugs, yet being accused of 
"racism and xenophobia" by our media and intimidated by our own authorities to accept 
even more such immigration.
 
Europe is being targeted for deliberate colonisation by Muslim states, and with coordinated 
efforts aimed at our Islamisation and the elimination of our freedoms. We are being subject 
to a foreign invasion, and aiding and abetting a foreign invasion in any way constitutes 
treason. If non-Europeans have the right to resist colonisation and desire self-
determination then Europeans have that right, too. And we intend to exercise it.
 
If these demands are not fully implemented, if the European Union isn't dismantled, 
multiculturalism isn't rejected and Muslim immigration isn't stopped, we, the peoples of 
Europe, are left with no other choice than to conclude that our authorities have abandoned 
us, and that the taxes they collect are therefore unjust and that the laws that are passed 
without our consent are illegitimate. We will stop paying taxes and take the appropriate 
measures to protect our own security and ensure our national survival.
Sources:
http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=DFBC5B1B-02E3-4323-AECC-CC95AC15F905

