# 2.95 Islamisation of Europe – possible outcomes

> 原文页码: 724-724

seizing power through armed resistance and a military coup when the time is right. This 
is the only way to safeguard democracy long term. Sure, it will be bloody. But if 
democracy, our homelands and people aren’t  worth certain sacrifices then what is?  
I predict one of the four scenarios for W. Europe, depending on whether we succeed or 
not:
1. Islam will reform to a secular "Islamic Protestantism", where all political aspects 
(Sharia included) will be purged. This is unlikely.
2. Our countries will be Muslim
3. Several mini-Pakistan's will be created all over Europe, one in each country (due to 
Lebanon style conflicts).
4. All Muslims (who does not convert to a non-political religion) will be deported. This will 
be the alternative if the cultural conservatives of Europe succeeds in seizing power. 
In scenario 2, 3 and 4 (to a certain degree scenario 1) civil war will be unavoidable in 
Western Europe.
2.95 Islamisation of Europe – possible outcomes 
Daniel Pipes
Q: In a recent video interview you said about the future of Islam in Europe that there's a 
5% chance of harmony, and 47,5% chance for either Islam becoming dominant and 
Europeans reasserting control, and that the latter option might imply a civil strife? Would 
you explain what you mean?
DP: It's striking to see that the default assumption of most Europeans is that somehow 
the European-Muslim relationship will work out. There may be problems today, but in the 
future it will be resolved. And yet I can't see the sources of that optimism. If one looks at 
Muslims living in Europe one finds retreat rather than engagement. The children of the 
immigrants are more hostile toward existing European civilisation than are the 
immigrants themselves. On the European side, one finds increasing worry, concern, fear 
of the Muslim presence. So the hope that everyone will get along seems to be not based 
on reality. Therefore I give it a very low possibility of working out. Not zero, but mimimal.
On the other hand, the alternatives between Muslim domination and European 
reassertion seem to me rather balanced. I can't predict which of them is more likely to 
happen. Crises ahead that have not taken place which will help determine which way 
Europe goes.
Q: What kind of crises are to be expected, beyond those we have already seen?
DP: There have been small crises. The Rushdie affair. The Foulard affair. The pope affair. 
But these are not real crises. Little riots here and there. But nothing that has really led to 
major changes. So I think there's a gap of five, ten, fifteen years to the future. I can't 
predict but it could be something like the French riots of 2005, but far more violent – not 
burning cars but killing people. It could be the election of a government that could decide 
to send Muslim immigrants back to their home countries. I'm unable to predict the 
specific nature, I just think there are problems ahead that will show us which way Europe 
is likely to head.
Source: http://www.danielpipes.org/5736/interview-with-daniel-pipes

