# 2.96 From the death of Multiculturalism

> 原文页码: 725-725

2.96 From the death of Multiculturalism
By Fjordman
I do, unfortunately, agree with Hedegaard that we have already passed the point of no 
return for serious conflicts caused by Muslim immigration. Anything we do now is damage 
limitation. A Multicultural society is only temporary. Sooner or later, we will return to a 
new mono-cultural society. This will happen either through the division of the previously 
coherent territory into new, mono-cultural enclaves or through the takeover by society as 
a whole of the most forceful and aggressive of these competing cultures.
My personal view is that the Jihad riots in France in 2005 could be interpreted as the 
early stages of a civil war, one of several Eurabian civil wars to come. What will happen 
to the hundreds of French nuclear warheads? Will they be used to intimidate the rest of 
the West?
Maybe future historians will dub this the Multicultural World War. I find this to be a more 
accurate term than "The Islamic World War" because what is causing this world war is 
Western cultural weakness more than Islamic strength. The wars in the Balkans in the 
1990s will in hindsight be seen as a prelude to the Multicultural World War.
It could be similar to the division of India after WW2, with the creation of one or several 
Islamic "Pakistan" enclaves. All of Europe will not be lost, but some parts may be, and 
many others will be damaged by the fighting. Many of our cultural treasures will burn.
It is possible that those regions of Europe where the infidels are strong enough will copy 
the Benes Decrees from Czechoslovakia in 1946, when most of the so-called Sudeten 
Germans, some 3.5 million people, had shown themselves to be a dangerous fifth column 
without any loyalty to the state. The Czech government thus expelled them from its land. 
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch has demonstrated, there is a much better case for a 
Benes Decree for parts of Europe's Muslim population now than there ever was for the 
Sudeten Germans.
The truth is that Europe has got itself into a bad fix, again, and will have some turbulent 
and painful decades ahead regardless of what we do at this point. The choice is between 
some pain where at least parts of Europe prevail and pain where Europe simply ceases to 
exist as a Western, cultural entity.
The most civilised thing we can do in order to save ourselves, but also to limit the loss of 
life among both Muslims and non-Muslims, is for Westerners and indeed infidels in 
general to implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world. This includes stopping 
Muslim immigration, but also by making our countries Islam-unfriendly, thus presenting 
the Muslims already here between the options of adapting to our societies or leaving if 
they desire sharia law. Even whispering about Jihad should be grounds for expulsion.
Since Islamic countries can use organisations such as the United Nations to influence 
Western freedom of speech and immigration policies, Westerners need to discredit and 
disengage from the UN as much as possible, at some point maybe withdraw from it 
completely. We cannot under any circumstances allow Islamic nations to influence our 
legislation.
Regaining our cultural confidence is a more complicated and longer term goal. It probably 

