# 2.97 Europe heading for Civil War

> 原文页码: 726-731

cannot be achieved until today's version of Western Europe has collapsed. Western 
Europe is now a collection of several layers of different Utopias, multiculturalism, 
welfarism and transnationalism, that will soon come crashing down.
However, just as Islam isn't the cause of Europe's weakness but rather a secondary 
infection, it is conceivable that the Islamic threat could have the unforeseen and ironic 
effect of saving Europe from herself. Europe will go through a turbulent period of painful, 
but necessary revival. Maybe Jihad will trigger a new Renaissance in the West.
Europe will bleed but she won't die. It remains to be seen whether this is wishful thinking 
or whether it will actually happen. In any case, it will take time to materialise.
It may sound unrealistic to talk about the collapse of the European Union or pulling out of 
the UN, but I believe things will rapidly get worse in the years ahead. A generation from 
now, things that will seem improbable or outright impossible now will have come to pass. 
We will see some of the largest changes in world politics since WW2, perhaps in 
centuries.
Source: http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/suggestions-for-solutions-preliminary.html
2.97 Europe heading for Civil War
By Fjordman
“And what country can preserve its liberties, if it's rulers are not warned from time to time, 
that this people preserve the spirit of resistance? Let them take arms.”
Thomas Jefferson
In my essay about the retreat of the Western world order[1], I mentioned the possibility 
of civil strife in the West caused by runaway immigration. This is no longer just a 
theoretical possibility. It is pretty clear to anybody following the developments in Europe 
that the situation in France is starting to become rather serious[2]. President Jacques 
Chirac threw out part of a youth labour law[3] that triggered massive protests and 
strikes, bowing to intense pressure from students and unions. The unemployment rate 
for youths under 26 is a staggering 22 percent nationwide, but soars to nearly 50 percent 
in some of those troubled areas with many Muslim immigrants. French Jews are 
leaving[4] the country in ever-growing numbers, fleeing a wave of anti-Semitism. Nidra 
Poller[5], American ex-pat writer and translator in Paris, has written some appalling 
stories about aggressive anti-Semitism, such as the murder and brutal torture of French 
Jew Ilan Halimi early in 2006.
Muslim blogs are calling for violence against the Jews, the whites and the well-to-do. 
They say, “We must burn France[6], as Hamas will burn Israel.” The growth of the Islamic 
population is explosive. According to some, one out of three babies born in France is now 
a Muslim. Around 70% of French prisoners[7] are Muslims. Hundreds of Muslim ghettos 
are already de facto following sharia[8], not French law. Some have pointed out that the 
French military are not always squeamish, but there are estimates that 15% of the 
armed forces[9] are already made up of Muslims, and rising. How effective can the army 
then be in upholding the French republic? At the same time, opinion polls show that the 
French are now officially the most anti-capitalist nation[10] on earth. France has chosen 
Socialism and Islam. It will get both, and sink into a quagmire[11] of its own making. 
Some believe France will quietly become a Muslim country, others believe in civil war in 
the near future:
The French Disease[12]
Within 20 years, one person out of four in France will be Muslim, and almost certainly poor 
and angry. So the French disease progresses. It is chronic becoming terminal. On the way 
toward collapse, there will be no civil war, just moments of harsh violence. The population 
will change. People with a high level of productivity will choose exile. People with a low level 
of productivity will immigrate. Jews and Christians will leave. Muslims will arrive.
The unreported race riot in France[13]
Fredric Encel, Professor of international relations at the prestigious École Nationale 
d’Administration in Paris and a man not known for crying wolf, recently stated that France is 
becoming a new Lebanon. The implication, far-fetched though it may seem, was that civil 
upheaval might be no more than a few years off, sparked by growing ethnic and religious 
polarisation. 
I’m not sure which of these scenarios is scarier. People keep talking about the nukes that 
the Iranians may get, but what about the hundreds of nuclear warheads the French 
have? Will they be used to intimidate the rest of the West? How do we handle an Islamic 
France, still the heartland of the European continent, with Muslim control of hundreds of 
nukes? And how do we handle a Bosnia or Lebanon with a population much larger than 
either of these countries, and with hundreds of nuclear warheads at stake?
If Muslim immigration continues, the impending fall of France could mark the starting 
point of the Balkanisation of much of Europe, perhaps later even North America. I fear 
this is a world war. Maybe future historians will dub it the Multicultural World War. Just as 
WW1 was caused by Imperialism, WW2 by Fascism and the Cold War by Communism, 
this one will be caused by multiculturalism. The term “the Multicultural World War” has 
been coined by Fjordman. I find this to be more accurate than “The Islamic World War” 
because what will cause this world war is Western cultural weakness, through 
multiculturalism and Muslim immigration, rather than Islamic strength. As poster DP111 
says, this world war may very well be in the form of a global civil war, where you get a 
succession of civil wars instead of countries invading other countries. Multiculturalism and 
uncontrolled mass-immigration destroy the internal cohesion of the decadent West, which 
will slowly fall apart as it has lost the will to defend itself and the belief in its own culture. 
The wars in the Balkans in the 1990s will in hindsight be seen as a prelude to the 
Multicultural World War. Rather than a Westernisation of the Balkans, we get a 
Balkanisation of the West.
I guess there is some poetic justice in the fact that the country that initiated and has led 
the creation of Eurabia now gets consumed by its own Frankenstein monster, but we 
should not gloat over this. The downfall of France is very bad news for the rest of the 
West. Again, what happens to their nukes and military resources? As stated in the book 
“Eurabia” by Bat Ye’or, the merger of Europe and the Arab-Islamic world has been 
encouraged by the French political elite in particular at least since the early 1970s, with a 
vision of creating a united Europe and Mediterranean basin under French leadership, in 
what has basically been a French dream since the age of Napoleon, the great hero of 
current French PM de Villepin. Several prominent French leaders stated quite openly in 
2005 that the proposed EU Constitution was basically an enlarged France. Justice Minister 
Dominique Perben said: “We have finally obtained this ‘Europe à la française’ that we 
have awaited for so long. This constitutional treaty is an enlarged France[14]. It is a 
Europe written in French.” Education Minister François Fillon stated: “This Constitution 
allows the French ambition to assert itself in the big Europe that General de Gaulle hoped 
and prayed for.” The French dream of an enlarged France. What they may get is a France 
carved into tiny pieces.
My personal belief is not that we are witnessing the final triumph of Eurabia, but rather 
the last spasms of the Eurabian Union. There will be at least as big changes in Western 
Europe over the coming generation as there were in Eastern Europe following the fall of 
the Berlin Wall. There will be the downfall and disintegration of an anti-democratic, 
bureaucratic superstate, the European Union instead of the Soviet Union, and there will 
be the downfall of “soft Socialism” in the shape of the Multicultural welfare state in the 
West just as you had the downfall of the “hard Socialism” in the East. The difference is 
that the downfall of Communism in the East happened through a relatively bloodless 
“Velvet Revolution,” whereas the downfall of multiculturalism in the West may turn out to 
be anything but bloodless. And it will come, sooner than many people think. 
Multiculturalism, cultural Marxism and the idea of forced cultural equality, will collapse 
just as Communism, the idea of economic Marxism and forced economic equality fell.
The difference is that when Communism was discredited in Eastern Europe, it was still 
Poles who lived in Polish cities, Bulgarians who lived in Bulgarian cities etc. When the veil 
of multiculturalism disappears, it will be Pakistanis who live in London, Turks who live in 
Berlin, Algerians who live in Paris and Moroccans who live in Amsterdam. And then the 
show begins.
Europe may not be finished yet, but she will go through a painful period of transition 
even if we do get a rebirth here. It should be noted that a revolution doesn’t usually 
come when the oppression is at its worst, but when the grip of the authorities and their 
totalitarian ideology, in this case multiculturalism and political correctness, seems to be 
slipping. This was the case with the Soviet Union in the 1980s, and it will be the case 
with the European Union now. I see increasing signs that the idea of multiculturalism is 
on the retreat. Even Germany’s and Europe’s largest newspaper ran a series about the 
collapse of multiculturalism recently.
I am not alone in predicting such a turbulent scenario. Prominent critic of Islam in 
Denmark, Lars Hedegaard, is quoted in Bruce Bawer’s book “While Europe Slept, How 
Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within” in support of this dark view:
“If there’s any hope,” Hedegaard suggested dryly, borrowing a line he knew I’d recognise 
from 1984, “it lies in the proles.” Yet we both knew that the “proles” – if they did take over 
the reins from the elite – might well lead Europe back down the road to fascism. He did 
admit that he was glad to be living in Denmark and not elsewhere in Western Europe: “If 
there’s any place where there’s hope, it’s got to be this country.” But Hedegaard didn’t hold 
out much hope even for Denmark. “Unless they build up a cadre of intellectuals in Europe 
who can think,” he said, America “can kiss Europe good-bye.” The Continent’s future, he 
predicted, “is going to be vastly different than we imagine.. It’s going to be war. Like 
Lebanon,” with some enclaves dominated by Christians and others by Muslims. There will 
be “permanent strife,” and no one will have the “power to mollify or mediate… It will be 
more gruesome than we can imagine.” When the horror comes, he warned, the journalists 
who helped to bring it about will “wag their heads and flee – and leave it to those who can’t 
flee to fight it out.”
The population movements we are witnessing now are the largest and fastest in human 
history. In Europe, they can only be compared to the period often referred to as the 
Migration Period, following the disintegration of the Roman Empire. However, during the 
4th and 5th centuries, the total human population of the world was in the order of 200 
million. Today, it is 30 times larger than that, and still growing fast. We also have 
communications that can transport people anywhere on earth within hours, and media 
that show ordinary people how much better life is in other countries. On top of that, the 
Romans didn’t have human rights lawyers advocating that millions of barbarians be let 
into their lands. Is it a coincidence that the last time we had migrations like this was 
when large parts of the European continent suffered a complete civilisational breakdown? 
Is that what we are witnessing now? The second fall of Rome[15]?
Both Thailand and the Philippines, countries where the Muslim population is not much 
larger than it is in some Western European countries, are facing war. Countries such as 
France, Holland and Sweden could soon reach a point where the Muslim population will 
create something akin to civil war, as it already has in the above-mentioned nations. The 
Islamic world is now at war with most of the major powers on the planet at the same 
time, from the USA to India and from Russia to Western Europe. It is a real possibility 
that we will get a full-blown world war because of these events. If so, I don’t think this 
will happen 50 years from now, but within the coming generation.
There are several possible scenarios:
1. Eurabia
The EU continues its transformation into a continent-wide organisation with clear 
totalitarian leanings, and a very pro-Islamic stance. Europe’s fate is sealed when Turkey 
is allowed into the Union, and becomes its largest member. Historian Bat Ye’or, who first 
coined the term “Eurabia”, thinks that Europe’s ties with the Arab-Islamic world are now 
so firmly entrenched and established that Eurabia is an irreversible fact. Europe will 
cease to be a Western, democratic continent, and will become an appendix to the Arab 
world. Eurabia will become a global center for Jihad activities, as the dhimmi taxpayers 
and infidel Western technology give a boost to the Ummah. Muslims will be heavily 
concentrated in the major cities, and the dhimmi native population will retreat into the 
countryside. The old nation states will thus slowly die, as their major cities, which 
constitute the brain and “head” of its culture, are cut off from the rest of the body. 
Europe’s decline into Eurabia will be speeded up by the fact that millions of educated 
natives with the means to it will move to the USA or other nations. There will be no 
major war in Western Europe, as its civilisation is already dead and very few will bother 
fighting for it.
The only violence will be sporadic Islamic terror attacks to induce fear, and occasional 
Muslim mob assaults in European streets to remind the dhimmis who is boss. It is 
conceivable that the center of European civilisation will move from Western Europe to 
Eastern Europe, but even Eastern Europe will be put under severe pressure from 
Muslims, both in the Middle East and in the West. The basic rule is that the areas Muslims 
have taken into possession remain in Islamic hands, while the native population and 
culture is slowly eradicated. If this holds true for us today, then parts of Western Europe 
are already lost, and will indeed become Eurabia as Bat Ye’or predicts. There are not too 
many instances I know of where areas once under the sway of Islam have been 
reclaimed by infidels. The most obvious is of course Spain and the Iberian Peninsula, 
where the Reconquista took quite a few centuries. I know the Sikhs have kicked Muslims 
out of Punjab, India. Parts of present-day Israel could be counted, although Arabs and 
Muslims are trying very hard to wipe Israel off the map. And maybe some of China’s 
Western provinces could be included. Islam has not been eradicated there, but it is 
visibly retreating as Chinese authorities are suppressing any signs of rebellion.
What these examples have in common is that both the Christians in Spain, the Sikhs in 
India and the Jews in Israel were fighting Islam with powerful religious convictions of 
their own. The Chinese are not usually very religious, but they have an equally strong, 
even ruthless nationalism and belief in their own civilisation. If history is any guide, 
today’s decadent, bored, post-religious and post-nationalist Europe will be no match for 
Islam, unless it rediscovers a belief in its own culture and a will to defend it. This will 
have to happen soon, or the Islamic demographic conquest of much of the continent will 
be an irreversible fact, anyway. The result of this will then either be Eurabia or a 
Pakistanisation of Europe, the way we have already seen for generations in the Balkans.
2. War
Personally, I think this alternative is at least as likely as the above “Eurabia” scenario. It 
also contains several sub-scenarios, partly depending upon when the eventual war starts, 
and partly on whether there is still some Western pride and resistance left in Europe 
underneath the self-loathing and multiculturalism:
The Pakistanisation of Europe
Muslims aren’t numerous enough to control the entire continent. In the event of war, 
there will be mutual ethnic cleansing and Muslims will seize parts of Western Europe. For 
instance, a belt stretching from parts of Germany via Belgium and Holland to France, but 
maybe even regions within certain nation states. All of Europe will not be lost, but some 
parts will, and many others will be deeply damaged by the fighting. Many of our cultural 
treasures will burn. How things will go from there is difficult to predict. Perhaps this new 
“Pakistan” in the heart of Europe will be the source of constant instability and the staging 
ground for Jihad incursions into infidel areas, just as Pakistan is to India now. Perhaps we 
will see a slow reconquest of this area, possibly taking generations or even centuries. 
Muslim de facto control of hundreds of French nuclear warheads will make the situation a 
lot more dangerous.
Of course, it could be more than one Muslim region. Kosovo and in part Bosnia are 
functioning as Islamic bridgeheads in Europe at this moment. There could be several 
mini-Pakistans created all over the place. In fact present day Kosovo walks, talks and 
looks like a mini-Pakistan. The “zones” in France sound suspiciously like Muslim 
“mohallas” in India although the situation is not as bad as in France.
Reconquista - The Second Expulsion of the Moors
Muslims strike too early, before they are ready to seize control over major chunks of 
Europe. They overestimate their own power, and underestimate the strength that is still 
left in Europe. It will start, as these things always do, before anyone is ready. Everyone, 
the Islamists, the proto-dhimmis, the neo-nationalists, the sleepwalking middle class, 
thinks they have more time than they do. It may start more or less by accident, like 
WWI, through the act of a fringe player unaware of the forces involved or the stakes of 
the game. Once a full-blown civil war starts in one country, it can, and probably will, 
spread to other countries. Given the European Union’s borderless nature, it is unlikely 
that war will be limited to one nation only. This will create a domino effect, and Muslims 
will be expelled from Europe yet again, after major bloodshed and millions of dead across 
the continent. This will result in the collapse of the EU. The Arab world will support the 
Muslims and will prolong the war, but they won’t win it.
Cultures collide: Muslim immigrants will be expelled from Europe unless they 
reverse the growing perception of them as a social threat[16]
The Muslims refused to assimilate. They were expelled. This was the story in Europe 400 
years ago. We are watching the sequel today. In the clash of cultures between secular 
Europeans and extremist Muslims, there can ultimately be no compatibility or compromise, 
only loss by one side or the other of the absolute values it holds dear. European capitulation 
on European soil, where they remain the dominant majority, is unlikely.
Global Civil War 
Europe has been the primary staging ground for one cold and two hot world wars. It 
could become a major battlefield in an Islamic or Multicultural world war, too. A world war 
is already simmering, with Muslims clashes against Russia, Europe, Israel, China, India, 
the USA and Southeast Asia. Once the fighting starts in Europe, it could spread outside 
the continent and ignite a world war. This is the scenario of “global civil war”.
3. Western Rebirth in Europe
We should discuss the possibility of whether the Islamic threat will force the West to 
rethink its values and regain its strength. Can this be done, and how would this take 
place? Is it possible to avoid both major war and Eurabia or is this wishful thinking by 
now? The growth of Eurabia is closely tied to the growth of the EU. Perhaps we could 
derail Eurabia by dismantling the EU? This would require that Europe regain her old, 
cultural and religious dynamic and repel Islam. Just as Islam isn’t the cause of Europe’s 
current weakness, but rather a secondary infection, it could have the unforeseen and 
ironic effect of saving Europe from herself. By quite literally putting a dagger at Europe’s 
throat, the Islamic world will force Europeans to renew themselves or die. Europe will go 
through a turbulent period of painful, but necessary revival, and will arrive chastened on 
the other side.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/04/fall-of-france-and-multicultural-world.html
1. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/04/retreat-of-western-world-order.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/969
3. http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,191122,00.html
4. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/when-arab-torches-school-its-rebellion.html
5. http://israpundit.com/2006/?p=344
6. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/archives/005367.html
7. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/06/70-percent-of-french-prisoners-are.html
8. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/second-night-of-rioting-in-paris.html
9. http://www.islamonline.net/English/News/2005-01/22/article04.shtml
10. http://www.thebusinessonline.com/business_focus/Stories.aspx?StoryId=969C72F8-5017-4C86-A1EE-
8723C183C37F&page=1
http://48.583.7.754plusf51:Kjzapqk565389921175ВП
11. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/940
12. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Printable.asp?ID=21957
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/005655.php
14. http://www.eursoc.com/news/fullstory.php/aid/760
15. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/second-fall-of-rome.html
16. http://www.canada.com/nationalpost/news/story.html?id=34cbfbb7-eb95-4e77-a155-3904297e45de

