# 2.98 Are all European men weak minded cowards or are they just brainwashed?

> 原文页码: 732-736

2.98 Are all European men weak minded cowards or are they just brainwashed? 
“Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.”
George Shaw
Why won’t more of us volunteer to fight our regimes while we still have a demographical 
edge? This is a question that will follow us for the decades to come.
Mahatma Gandhi once wrote: 
"Hindus are cowards and Muslims are bullies."
When I was younger and a lot more ignorant I used to ask myself this very question 
about Europeans. What’s wrong with us, what’s wrong with the European modern man? 
Why doesn’t he rise up against the multiculturalist elites and at least attempt to inflict 
some damage or contribute to seize power on behalf of himself, his family and his 
people? Many state leaders around the world are puzzled over how little resistance the 
European elites are getting in their attempts to completely demographically reshape 
Europe. 
Even the Russian president, Vladimir Putin knows exactly what is going on as he has 
publicly stated in the past:
“Western Europe is heading in a direction where they are going to become colonies of their 
former colonies”.  
So why is it that ordinary Europeans (especially women) fail to see what is going on 
when even state leaders publicly ponders. Luckily more and more Europeans are realising 
the truth but many still asks themselves; who is to blame for this?
-
Why do Europeans lack cultural and political self confidence to prevent its own suicide?
-
Is it genetical and a way nature is saying that Europeans are not “fit to exist” or is it just 
due to decades of excessive decadence?
Certainly not. Historically, Germanians, Anglo-Saxons and other European peoples have 
fought viciously and courageously against Roman occupation for several centuries until 
they were finally pushed out. My own ancestors, the Vikings, were known to be the most 
vicious and brutal warriors of the age and would raid significantly more developed 
cultures even when outnumbered 10 to 1. Instead of looking at genes we will find the 
answer if we look at the psychological condition of the modern European.
-
How did we end up as cowardly eunuchs applauding our own cultural and demographical 
demise?  
The essence is that the US but especially W. Europe lost the cold war due to the fact that 
we didn't persecute the Marxists after WW2. If we had executed each and every Marxist 
and banned Marxist doctrines (not only the economical aspects but the cultural as well – 
internationalism, extreme feminism, extreme egalitarianism, anti-elitism, anti-
nationalism) we would not be in the current situation. Instead, our traitorous and weak 
minded post-WW2 leaders allowed the Marxists to gradually infiltrate many aspects of 
society after WW2, especially our universities and the media (see the beginning of book 1 
for a complete overview of how this happened). The first ML pioneers (Marxist Leninists) 
were allowed to indoctrinate the 68 generation, those who run things today. The political 
correctness of today is cultural Marxism as we learned in the first chapters of this 
compendium. Smaller European nations are now mimicking France, Germany and the UK 
who unfortunately, due to the outcome of WW2, are completely culturally dominated by 
the US. The reason for this lack of "self esteem" is the absence of nationalism/nationalist 
monocultural political doctrines and we all know what killed nationalism in Europe. 
Hitler’s insane, genocidal and imperialistic doctrines have resulted in the post-war 
situation where nationalist doctrines altogether were branded as evil. In other words, 
that man contributed to completely annihilate the legitimacy and future justification of 
nationalistic doctrines for several decades to come. Today, even using the word 
“nationalist” will involve certain stigma thanks to 5 decades of anti-nationalist 
brainwashing campaigns. These pro-multiculturalist campaigns are nothing more than 
psychological brainwashing campaigns demonising anything nationalistic initiated by 
individuals, groups or political parties. As we all know, nationalism represents many of 
the cultural defences a civilisation has. When you deconstruct these defences the natural 
result will be that you are allowing your country to become vulnerable to cultural 
influence or even cultural and demographical conquest as we see today. 
Nationalism is now gradually but slowly on the rise again in Europe primarily due to 
Islamisation but is still systematically demonised by the current EUSSR + US cultural 
hegemony. 
So there you have it. Europe is heading towards cultural and demographical suicide due 
to the absence of nationalistic doctrines. Nationalism is the anti-thesis of 
multiculturalism/internationalism. In order for nationalism to succeed, multiculturalism 
must be deconstructed and vice versa. The cultural Marxists/humanists/globalists will do 
EVERYTHING in their power to prevent nationalists from succeeding as we have 
witnessed now for several decades. 
Campaigns of psychological warfare (anti-nationalism) have been integrated into the 
school curriculums and all intellectual public frameworks. Europeans have been 
psychologically conditioned into a state of denial and self contempt. A majority of 
Europeans are therefore in a permanent state of psychological trauma, some nationalities 
more than others. 
The most severely affected are of course the Germans and the Nordic countries; Sweden, 
Norway, Iceland, Finland and Denmark. The justification for demonising their forefathers 
is a mixture of portraying the evil crusaders, the evil colonisers/enslavers and of course 
Nazi Germany’s policies of nordicism. The clear message from our cultural elites is that 
we are by definition evil and unworthy of life. And that we will do the world a big favor by 
contributing to our own extermination through third world colonisation. The self loathing 
runs deep through most aspects of society. To quote one of the most influential 
professors in Norway, Thomas Hylland Eriksen[1]:
“Our (the Marxist elites of Europe) most important task ahead is to deconstruct the 
majority, and we must deconstruct them so thoroughly that they will never be able to call 
themselves the majority again”.  
Later quote
“This will contribute to understanding and liberation”
The problem in our societies isn’t primarily that individuals like Eriksen exists (and 
believe me, every country has their share of these highly influential anti-nationalist 
intellectuals) but rather that they are allowed unrestricted access to broadcasting 
networks, state channels, the main stream media in general to spread their hate-speech. 
They are allowed this access because 80% of politicians and 98% of journalists (category 
A and B traitors) are aiding and abetting them in the ongoing genocide. This while people 
like myself, who are trying to warn people of this extremist hate speech, are 
systematically ignored and demonised as, guess what; racist, fascist extremists… It is 
nothing less than insane and it borders to an advanced level of psychopathic absurdity. A 
majority of Europeans are still susceptible to this brainwashing although this is gradually 
changing. 
As you might already know I have used Facebook to build my network of like minded 
individuals. During this process I have targeted and reviewed multiple right wing pan-
European/international FB groups and taken a closer look at the ratio concerning 
nationality vs. political correctness. By evaluating the numbers from given countries I 
have been able to determine the severity level of each country when it comes to the 
success ratio of the Marxist/multiculturalist brainwashing campaigns. The following 
overview will list the least affected countries (100 will indicate; relatively unaffected) to 
the most affected (0). I have taken language barriers into account so the overview 
should be representative.
Level of multicultural indoctrination per country
Country
Level of multiculti 
indoctrination
Slovakia
90
Slovenia
90
Czech Republic
80
Italy
70
Russia
70
Poland
70
Greece
60
Finland
60
Denmark
40
Portugal
40
US
30
Iceland
20
Spain
10
Luxembourg
10
Netherlands
10
Belgium
10
UK
10
France
10
Switzerland
10
Norway
8
Sweden 
6
Germany
1
100 – Least brainwashed with multiculturalist propaganda 
0 – Most brainwashed with multiculturalist propaganda 
Germany is helpless and unable to defend itself culturally
My 2 year Facebook study proves that the above indications are correct. There is a very 
clear relevance of the various national direct/indirect indoctrination campaigns and the 
given state of “visible” patriotism in those countries. The visible presense of patriots 
(individuals flagging patriotic views through voluntary Facebook labels (political views) 
and group/fan memberships) is directly linked to the severity of that nations 
indoctrination campaigns. In reality, we (Germans especially) are collectively held 
responsible for all the bad things in the world which explains our current mentality of self 
loathing.
Specific findings
I found approximately 50 significant patriotic British Facebook groups and 40 French 
groups but I only managed to find less than 10 German groups even with the assistance 
of my patriotic German Facebook contacts. The number of individuals from each country 
being members of the average patriotic group (adjusted for language related factors) 
correlates to the group comparison. The difference is so significant that it undisputably 
confirms the miserable state of German patriotism. This again is directly linked to the 
severity of the German cultural Marxist indoctrination campaigns (the American military 
presence and the paralyzing Jewish Holocaust religion is a part of this picture). Germany 
is in a league  of its own as its people has undergone a severe and historically 
unparalleled indoctrination the last 6 decades. Germany is now simply unable to build a 
political defence against Islamisation and cultural Marxism/ multiculturalism due to this 
ongoing state of psychological trauma and paralysis. Extra responsibility to continue 
consolidation and development of our patriotic resistance movements therefore lies on 
the peoples of other nations than Germany and especially the patriots in the UK and 
France. This is ultimately why I have chosen my current path; to join a pan-European 
military order instead of a national organisation and to offer intellectual resources to 
especially my English brothers and sisters. Because by helping and supporting the 
National resistance movements in the the UK and France we indirectly help our own 
smaller countries. I believe that the key to freedom in Europe is directly linked to the 
developments in especially the UK and France. Nationalists from the rest of Europe look 
to British and French nationalists for inspiration and guidance.   
  
How does this multiculturalist indoctrination manifest itself?
With exception of the common symptoms such as self denial, self hate etc. the perhaps 
most important effect is that people are terrified of flagging their political views and 
general opinions in public or in social gatherings. The various groups people join (or do 
not join) on Facebook is a good indicator on how bound individuals feel by the shackles of 
political correctness. Several recent polls show that Europeans are most concerned about 
what effects Islam will have on their societies in the future. They are truly afraid with 
good reason. These concerns even surpassed the alleged threat of global warming. So 
you would think that a majority of these individuals are members of Facebook groups 
such as Stop Islamisation of Europe – SIOE or similar groups. My research shows very 
clearly however that people are terrified of flagging their views relating to these issues 
due to political correctness. SIOE only has 5000 members as of December 2009 while 
trivial and quite silly groups have hundreds of thousands, even millions of supporters. 
Political correctness has paralyzing effects resulting in that the large majority of people 
avoid flagging their standpoints. 
However, people are starting to get immune against accusations of racism. This trend will 
continue thanks to inflation of the word and an excellent effort made by right wing 
political activists in spreading the truth about Islam and other issues through blogs and 
other platforms. The truth is finally getting out gradually to an increasing number of 
Europeans. The Islamisation is in fact acting as a cure for psychological trauma, waking 
up an increasing number of Europeans from their coma.  
We are slowly realising how our own elites have betrayed us and continue to do so. We 
are learning that they are systematically selling the European peoples into Muslim slavery 
as they continue to allow the ongoing demographic warfare, launched by the Global 
Islamic Ummah. They even expect us to cheer our own extermination. 
"In the beginning of a change, the patriot is a scarce man, and brave, and hated and 
scorned. When his cause succeeds, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a 
patriot." 
Mark Twain
Many Europeans put restraints on themselves because they think it’s still hope; hope to 
solve our problems democratically. This leads to hesitation and delays them from joining 
resistance movements. Europeans needs to understand that there is no hope of solving 
our problems through our elected parliamentarians. The sooner people realise this, the 
sooner they will be able to contribute to solve our core problems. Our survival depends 
upon it. An increasing number of Europeans will learn in the coming two decades that the 
only realistic approach to saving our identities, cultures, traditions and even nations will 
be to contribute in various ways in the emerging European Resistance Movements. 7 out 
of the 8 resistance fronts are non-violent. As of now, in phase 1, most people refrain 
from reacting through armed resistance since they live in economic prosperity, and to 
stand up for their ideas would send them into suffering. However, soon enough we will 
have an economic collapse that will make the current recession look like a picnic. And 
then, ordinary citizens will face suffering day in and day out. And at that point standing 

