# 2.99 The Self-Defeat of the United States

> 原文页码: 737-737

up for their ideas through armed struggle will come at no extra cost. We will reach this 
stage in phase 2 of the European civil war (2030-2070).
Sources:
1. http://www.culcom.uio.no/nyheter/2008/hylland-eriksen.html
2.99 The Self-Defeat of the United States 
By Fjordman
At the Center for Security Policy, Caroline Glick writes about “Surviving in a Post-
American World”:
Like it or not, the United States of America is no longer the world’s policeman. This was the 
message of Barack Obama’s presidential journey to Britain, France, the Czech Republic, 
Turkey and Iraq this past week.
Somewhere between apologising for American history — both distant and recent; 
genuflecting before the unelected, bigoted king of Saudi Arabia; announcing that he will 
slash the US’s nuclear arsenal, scrap much of America’s missile defence programs and 
emasculate the US Navy; leaving Japan to face North Korea and China alone; telling the 
Czechs, Poles and their fellow former Soviet colonies, “Don’t worry, be happy,” as he leaves 
them to Moscow’s tender mercies; humiliating Iraq’s leaders while kowtowing to Iran; 
preparing for an open confrontation with Israel; and thanking Islam for its great 
contribution to American history, President Obama made clear to the world’s aggressors 
that America will not be confronting them for the foreseeable future.
Whether they are aggressors like Russia, proliferators like North Korea, terror exporters like 
nuclear-armed Pakistan or would-be genocidal-terror-supporting nuclear states like Iran, 
today, under the new administration, none of them has any reason to fear Washington.
I remember when the Iranian ex-Muslim Ali Sina, author of Understanding Muhammad, 
compared the personality cult surrounding Barack Obama to that of Fascist leaders. This 
might seem exaggerated, but there is definitely a personality cult surrounding Obama 
which is unprecedented and deeply unhealthy. His Marxist economic policies and his bow 
for the Saudi King are disturbing. I never liked Bush very much, but Obama’s 
appeasement of the Islamic world trumps anything seen since the days of Dhimmi Carter, 

