# 3.1 A phase of dialogue has come to an end (1955-1999)

> 原文页码: 768-769

and implemented. As such, the content in its current form will not incriminate anyone, 
the author or any distributor. 
The Conservative Revolution - the only Solution for free Europeans
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." 
Edmund Burke 
3.1 A phase of dialogue has come to an end (1955-1999)
“If you throw a frog into hot water it will jump out at once. But if you slowly warm it up in a 
pot of cold water, it doesn’t jump out and boils to death. We can see the decay right in front 
of our own eyes. We are slowly being boiled to death…”
There have been hundreds of attempts to forward and distribute demands (on behalf of 
the indigenous peoples of Europe) to Western European governments, political parties 
and media organisations since 1955. As with all attempts for dialogue, every single one 
of them has been rejected, ignored or ridiculed. One of these pleas was written by 
Fjordman in March 2007: 
A European Declaration of Independence
We, the citizens of the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, 
Luxembourg, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Greece, 
Switzerland, Austria, Iceland, Malta and Ireland demand that the following steps are taken 
immediately:
We demand that our national governments should immediately and without delay pull their 
countries out of the European Union, which should be dismantled entirely. European 
citizens pay up to half of their salaries in direct or indirect taxes to their nation states. If 
these nations do not control their own borders nor their policies, and they don't as long as 
the EU exists, those taxes are a scam. National taxes require national borders. If our 
national borders are not enforced, we have no obligation whatsoever to pay national taxes.
 
We demand that all documents regarding the Euro-Arab Dialogue and the creation of the 
Eurabian networks for "Euro-Mediterranean cooperation" between European countries and 
Arab countries since the 1970s, as documented by Bat Ye'or's work on Eurabia, are 
published and explained in their full significance to the general public. Those chiefly 
responsible for this - one of the greatest betrayals in the history of Western civilisation - 
should stand trial, followed by a period of general de-Eurabification of our laws and 
regulations.
 
We demand that all financial support to the Palestinian Authority should cease immediately. 
It is proven beyond any doubt that this has in the past been used to finance campaigns of 
Jihad terrorism against Jews in Israel and against Christians in territories under PA control. 
A public statement in support of Israel against Muslim aggression should be issued, and the 
money that has previously been awarded to Palestinians should be allocated partly to 
Israel's defence, partly to establish a Global Infidel Defence Fund with the stated goal of 
disseminating information about Muslim persecution of non-Muslims worldwide.
We demand that the ideology of multiculturalism should immediately be removed from all 
government policies and school curricula, and that the state should adopt a policy of 
supporting the continuation of the cultural heritage and traditions of the indigenous 
populations. Multiculturalism has never been about tolerance. It is an anti-Western hate 
ideology championed as an instrument for unilaterally dismantling European culture. As 
such, it is an evil ideology bent on an entire culture's eradication, and we, the peoples of 
Europe, have not just a right, but a duty to resist it and an obligation to pass on our 
heritage to future generations.
We demand that all Muslim immigration in whatever form should be immediately and 
completely halted, and that our authorities take a long break from mass immigration in 
general until such a time when law and order has been re-established in our major cities. 
We will not accept any accusations of "racism." Many European nations have for decades 
accepted more immigration into our countries in a shorter period of time than any other 
people has done peacefully in human history. 
We are sick and tired of feeling like strangers in our own lands, of being mugged, raped, 
stabbed, harassed and even killed by violent gangs of Muslim thugs, yet being accused of 
"racism and xenophobia" by our media and intimidated by our own authorities to accept 
even more such immigration.
Europe is being targeted for deliberate colonisation (see demographic warfare) by Muslim 
states, and with coordinated efforts aimed at our Islamisation and the elimination of our 
freedoms. We are being subject to a foreign invasion, and aiding and abetting a foreign 
invasion in any way constitutes treason. If non-Europeans have the right to resist 
colonisation and desire self-determination then Europeans have that right, as well. And we 
intend to exercise it.

