# 3.10 Assimilation policy/demands/offer for Muslim individuals living in Europe (this offer will expire on Jan 1st, 2020)

> 原文页码: 809-811

3.10 Assimilation policy/demands/offer for Muslim individuals living in Europe 
(this offer will expire on Jan 1st, 2020)
The following assimilation policy is to be accepted by all Muslims who currently live on 
European soil and want to continue to live in Europe. The deadline is Jan. 1st, 2020.
Failure to accept and comply with given policies will result in immediate deportation for 
you and your closest family (individual evaluation is required). The deportations will be 
effectuated as soon as the current regime(s) have been neutralised and once a cultural 
conservative government has been formed. Failure to comply within the deadline (2020) 
will result in losing the possibility of future re-evaluation.  
1. Convert to Christianity (Orthodox, Catholic or Protestant). 
Every individual is to accept baptism, the ritual act by which one is admitted to 
membership of the Christian Church, as a member of the particular Church in which the 
baptism is administered. 
Attempt of al-taqiyya (Islamic deceit) for shorter or longer periods in order to try to wait 
for a regime change will not be tolerated. The convert will celebrate Christian holidays 
and adopt mainstream Christian customs and has to attend Church at least once a year 
during the full duration of the assimilation period (50) before he or any member of his 
family is allowed to follow a purely secular lifestyle. Secular Muslims are considered fully 
Muslim as long as they have not converted. The reason is because even secular Muslims 
celebrate Islamic holidays and perform certain Islamic religious or political rituals.
2. Name change
During the required baptism the individual is to be given a Christian/European traditional 
name (first, middle and last name). No Arab/Asian/Islamic name is allowed (including 
The 99 Names of Allah).
3. Not allowed to practice your ”mother tongue” or Arabic
It is strictly prohibited to practice the individuals ”mother tongue” - Farsi, Urdu, Arabic, 
Somali etc. in any way – both in writing or vocally (this applies in all areas of society - 
home and elsewhere). Obviously this does not apply to Muslims living in Europe who are 
practising a European language (Bosniaks etc.).
4. All mosques and Islamic centers will be demolished or converted
All mosques which were built for the purpose of being a mosque will be demolished. All 
other buildings which were previously converted will be re-converted to their former use. 
5. All Islamic and/or Arab-style or equivalent buildings/artwork will be 
demolished or modified
All traces of Islamic culture in Europe will be eradicated, even locations considered 
historical. 
6. Attempts to celebrate Islamic holidays, exercise or portray Sharia/Islamic 
codes/markers is strictly prohibited
An attempt of celebrating Ramadan, Eid or any Islamic holiday is strictly prohibited. 
This includes all cultural related rituals, dress codes, Islamic religious or cultural 
circumcisions, Islamic preparation of food, the use of any Muslim flag or identification 
(crescent moon), religious or cultural markings.
7. Measures taken against attempts of demographic warfare
All “ex-Muslim couples” (where both parents were/are Muslims) will not be allowed to 
exceed a birth rate of 2. Any breach of this policy will be considered a breach of the 
assimilation policies.  
8. Correspondence with other Muslims abroad is strictly prohibited
All forms of correspondence (electronically, telephonic etc.) with Muslims living abroad is 
strictly forbidden. This includes contact with Muslim family in the country you originated 
from. 
9. All travel to Muslim countries/territories or to any country where Muslims 
make out more than 20% of the population is strictly prohibited
Length of assimilation period
The assimilation period, with monitoring procedures, will last for a minimum of 2 
generations (no shorter than 50 years) before the individual is considered to be 
successfully assimilated. 
Various measures will be used for monitoring individuals who has accepted the 
assimilation policies to ensure that they are not trying to perform al-taqiyya.
Purpose of assimilation policies
Implementation of the assimilation policies will allow all ex-Muslims to be fully 
assimilated. This will also allow you to show and prove your allegiance and loyalty to 
“your new kinsmen”, to Europe and to Christianity. In return, you will be accepted as a 
European.
Failure to comply with the assimilation policies (offer expires Jan 1st, 2020)
Failure to accept and comply with given policies will result in immediate deportation for 
you and your closest family (individual evaluation is required). The deportations will be 
effectuated as soon as the current regime (s) has been neutralised. Failure to comply 
within the deadline (2020) will result in losing the possibility of future re-evaluation.  
Why will individuals lose the possibility of being re-evaluated after the 
deadline[1]? 
Any individual in question must be a credible candidate. Obviously, he won’t be 
considered as a credible candidate if he or she is under duress (which will be the case in 
phase 2 and 3, 2030-2090). This is the reason why the offer expires in 2020. A Muslim 
who accepts the following assimilation policy under duress will most likely perform al-
taqiyya (religious deceit allowed by the Quran and Hadith) for as long as he has to. As 
such, any convertion performed after the deadline will be considered al-taqiyya[1].
Essential case study
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expulsion_of_the_Moriscos (Essential case study)

