# 3.11 The history of Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici (Knights Templar)

> 原文页码: 812-815

A European Military Order re-emerges – In Praise of the New 
Knighthood
3.11 The history of Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici 
(Knights Templar)
Introduction
The Knights Templar, whose official name was: Pauperes 
commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici (PCCTS) (English: 
Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon), 
were among the most famous of the Western Christian 
military orders. The organisation was founded in 1119 by 
knights sworn to protecting Christian pilgrims visiting the Holy 
Land after the Crusaders re-captured Jerusalem from the 
Muslims in 1099 and existed for approximately two centuries. 
History
The Kingdom of Jerusalem was established in 1098, when the members of the First 
Crusade re-captured Jerusalem, on behalf of Christendom, and elected Godfrey of 
Boulogne, duke of Lower-Lorraine, as king of Jerusalem.
The first headquarters of the Knights Templar was built on Jerusalem's Temple Mount. 
The Crusaders called it the Temple of Solomon, as it was built on top of the ruins of the 
original Temple, and it was from this location that the Knights took their name of 
Templar.
New members had to willingly sign over all of their wealth and goods to the Order and 
take vows of poverty, chastity, piety, and obedience. Most brothers joined for life, 
although some were allowed to join for a set period. Sometimes a married man was 
allowed to join if he had his wife's permission, but he was not allowed to wear the white 
mantle.
The red cross that the Templar Knights wore on their robes was a symbol of martyrdom 
(the symbol was referred to as “cross of the martyr”), and to die in combat was 
considered a great honour that assured a place in heaven. There was a cardinal rule that 
the warriors of the Order should never surrender unless the Templar flag had fallen, and 
even then they were first to try to regroup with another of the Christian orders, such as 
that of the Hospitallers. Only after all flags had fallen were they allowed to leave the 
battlefield. This uncompromising principle, along with their reputation for courage, 
excellent training, and heavy armament, made the Templars the most skilled and feared 
combat force during the Crusades.
"[A Templar Knight] is truly a fearless knight, and secure on every side, for his soul is 
protected by the armour of faith, just as his body is protected by the armour of steel. He is 
thus doubly-armed, and need fear neither demons nor men." 
Bernard de Clairvaux, c. 1135, De Laude Novae Militae—In Praise of the New Knighthood
Knights possessed military training, a war horse and military equipment which required a 
substantial amount of wealth and prestige to acquire.
Distinctive architectural elements of Templar buildings include the use of the image of 
"two knights on a single horse", representing the Knights' poverty, and round buildings 
designed to resemble the “Church of the Holy Sepulchre” in Jerusalem.
Origins of the Cross of the Martyr/St George's Cross
Saint George (ca. 275/281 – 23 April 303) was, according to tradition, a 
Roman soldier in the Guard of Diocletian, who is venerated as a Christian 
martyr. In hagiography Saint George is one of the most venerated saints in the 
Roman Catholic Church, Anglican Church, Eastern Orthodox Church, Oriental 
Orthodoxy, and the Eastern Catholic Churches. He is immortalised in the tale of Saint 
George and the Dragon and is one of the Fourteen Holy Helpers. His memorial is 
celebrated on 23 April, and he is regarded as one of the most prominent military saints.
St George's Cross was originally the flag of Genoa and was adopted by England and the 
City of London in 1190 for their ships entering the Mediterranean to benefit from the 
protection of the powerful Genoese fleet. The maritime Republic of Genoa was rising and 
going to become, with its rival Venice, one of the most important powers in the world. 
The English Monarch paid an annual tribute to the Doge of Genoa for this privilege. It 
was adopted for the uniform of English soldiers during the Crusades of the eleventh, 
twelfth and thirteenth centuries, particularly by the Knights Templar.
Non-combatant members of the Order
Non-combatant members of the Order managed a large economic infrastructure 
throughout Christendom, innovating financial techniques that were an early form of 
banking, and building many fortifications across Europe and the Holy Land.
After the fall of Jerusalem - Decline
Jerusalem eventually fell and was taken by the Muslims in 1291. The Temple of Solomon 
was later demolished by the Muslims and a mosque was built on the site, now known as 
the Al Aqsa Mosque.
The Templars' success was tied closely to the Crusades; when the Holy Land was lost, 
support for the Order faded. Rumours about the Templars' secret initiation ceremony 
created mistrust, and King Philip IV of France, deeply in debt to the Order, began 
pressuring Pope Clement V to take action against the Order. Getting rid of them was a 
convenient way of cancelling his debts. In 1307, many of the Order's members in France 
were arrested, tortured into giving false confessions, and then burned at the stake. Pope 
Clement was convinced that while the Templar’s had committed some grave sins, they 
were not heretics. However, in 1312, Pope Clement, under continuing pressure from King 
Philip, disbanded the Order.
Quick facts
- Active c. 1119–1314 
- 15,000–20,000 members at peak, 10% (1500-2000) of whom were knights
Events
Grand Master Gérard de Ridefort was beheaded by Saladin in 1189 at the Siege of Acre.
The last Grand Master was Jacques de Molay, burned at the stake in Paris in 1314 by 
order of King Philip IV.
Knighthood
Knight is the term for a social position originating in the Middle Ages. Elsewhere, the 
Portuguese Cavaleiro (like the following, related to "chivalry"), the Spanish Caballero, the 
Italian Cavaliere, the French "Chevalier", the German Ritter (like the following, related to 
"rider"), the Swedish Riddare are commonly used in Continental Europe.
Origins of medieval knighthood
The Franks came to dominate Western and Central Europe after the fall of Rome. They 
generally fielded armies composed of large masses of infantry, with infantry elite, the 
comitatus, which often rode to battle on horseback rather than marching on foot. Riding 
to battle had two key advantages: it prevented fatigue, particularly when the elite 
soldiers wore armour and it gave the soldiers more mobility to react to the raids of the 
enemy, particularly the invasions of Muslim armies which started in the 7th century. So it 
was that the armies of the Frankish ruler and warlord Charles Martel, which defeated the 
Islamic Umayyad Arab invasion at the Battle of Tours in 732, were still largely infantry 
armies, the elites riding to battle but dismounting to fight in order to provide a hard core 
for the levy of the infantry war-bands.
These types of knights were increasingly seen as the only true soldiers of Europe.
Knightly Chivalric Code
Knights of the medieval era were asked to "Protect the weak, defenceless, helpless, and 
fight for the general welfare of all." These few guidelines were the main duties of a 
medieval knight, but they were very hard to accomplish fully. Rarely could even the best 
of knights achieve these goals. Knights trained, inter alia, in hunting, fighting, and riding. 
They were also trained to practise courteous, honourable behaviour, which was extremely 
important. Chivalry (derived from the French word chevalier implying "skills to handle a 
horse") was the main principle guiding a knight’s life style. The code of chivalry dealt with 
three main areas: the military, social life, and religion.
The military side of life was very important to knighthood. Along with the fighting 
elements of war, there were many customs and rules to be followed as well. A way of 
demonstrating military chivalry was to own expensive, heavy weaponry. Weapons were 
not the only crucial instruments for a knight: horses were also extremely important, and 
each knight often owned several horses for distinct purposes. One of the greatest signs 
of chivalry was the flying of coloured banners, to display power and to distinguish knights 
in battle and in tournaments. Warriors were not only required to own all these belongings 
to prove their allegiance: they were expected to act with military courtesy as well. 
In the years of boyhood, these future warriors were sent off to a castle as pages, later 
becoming squires. Commonly around the age of 20, knights would be admitted to their 
rank in a ceremony called "dubbing". Although these strong young men had proved their 
eligibility, their social status would be permanently controlled. They were expected to 
obey the code of chivalry at all times, and no failure was accepted.
Chivalry and religion were mutually influenced. The early Crusades helped to clarify the 
moral code of chivalry as it related to religion. As a result, Christian armies began to 
devote their efforts to sacred purposes. 
The Code of Chivalry continued to influence social behaviour long after the actual 
knighthood ceased to exist, influencing for example the 19th Century Victorian 
perceptions of how a "gentleman" ought to behave.
Orders of knighthood
-
Knights Hospitaller, founded during the First Crusade, 1099
-
Order of Saint Lazarus established around 1100
-
Knights Templar, founded 1118, disbanded 1307
-
Teutonic Knights, established about 1190, and ruled the Monastic State of the Teutonic 
Knights in Prussia until 1525
Other orders (Crusader movements) were established with the purpose of re-conquering 
the Iberian peninsula (Spain) from the Muslims. The orders were under the influence of 
the orders in the Holy Land. They are known as the Crusader movements of the 
Reconquista:
-
Order of Aviz, established in Avis in 1143
-
Order of Alcántara, established in Alcántara in 1156
-
Order of Calatrava, established in Calatrava in 1158
-
Order of Santiago, established in Santiago in 1164.
Modern day chivalric organisations, Free Masons and similar orders.
Modern day chivalric organisations have nothing to do with knighthood, martyrdom, 
courage or honour through military service (for the protection of the European people or 
Christendom). Knighthood has gradually eroded into a corrupt tradition and is now 
primarily distributed to confer prestige on individuals, very often music producers, sports 
stars or other cultural personalities. 
Free Masonry and similar Christian orders are merely novelty networks and completely 
non-political. Nevertheless, they should be commended for conserving ancient Christian 
rituals.
Sources:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knights_Templar
Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici (PCCTS), the Knights 
Templar

