# 3.12 Re-founding of Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici – PCCTS, the Knights Templar

> 原文页码: 816-816

Europe and Christendom has been under constant attack by 
Islam for the last 1400 years. Charles Martel successfully 
defended Europe against an invasion launched by the Umayyad 
Caliphate in 732 at the Battle of Poitiers (current France). In 
1683, Western Europe was at the brink of annihilation again, this 
time by an Ottoman Caliphate invasion. The King of Poland, John 
III Sobieski and the Holy League successfully defended Europe 
against an army of more than 150 000 Muslims at the Battle of 
Vienna. 
2009 - Western Europe is being invaded again, this time through demographic warfare 
(mass Muslim immigration in combination with high Muslim birth-rates). The forces of 
Islam are flooding the European gates once more, the only difference – the gates are 
open. Aided and abetted by the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites of Western Europe. 
From 55 000 in 1955, the Muslims are now counting more than 25 million individuals in 
Western Europe alone. Credible demographic calculations show that the Muslims will 
reach critical mass (20%) in France and the Netherlands within a couple of decades and a 
total of 50% by 2083. Peaceful resistance through dialogue started 50 years ago, in an 
attempt to stop and has been a complete disaster resulting in defeat after defeat in 
attempts to reverse these actions. We have lost the democratical struggle to save Europe 
from Islam as it’s simply not possible to compete with regimes who import millions of 
voters and coerce its own population to accept the ideology of multiculturalism, an 
ideology bent on the destruction of Western Civilisation and the indirect genocide of 
Europeans. 
The time for dialogue is over. We gave peace a chance. The time for armed resistance 
has come. PCCTS, Knights Templar on behalf of the free peoples of Europe, hereby 
declare a pre-emptive war against the cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist regimes of 
Western Europe. We acknowledge that Europe has been in a technical state of civil war 
since 1999 when European and US cultural Marxists/multiculturalists, through NATO, 
decided to attack Christian Serb forces and thus disallowing them their right to repel 
Islam from their ancestral lands. 
The war against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes of Europe is a pre-emptive 
war, waged in order to repel, defeat or weaken an ongoing Islamic invasion/ colonisation, 
to gain a strategic advantage in an unavoidable war before that threat materialises. Thus, 
we consider this pre-emptive war as completely justifiable as it is a war of self-defence. 
We cannot afford to wait around and re-act when it is too late. We have anticipated, 
identified and will act accordingly upon the refuse, volatile, national and international 
conditions before they become explosive, before they lead us to catastrophe.
PCCTS, the Knights Templar
The PCCTS’s history is a journey of sacrifice, spanning almost a 
thousand years. Through it all, certain characteristics have 
remained consistent – strength and honour, courage and 
martyrdom. The current need for these principles has lead to the 
re-founding of this ancient Christian European military order. 
3.12 Re-founding of Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici – 
PCCTS, the Knights Templar  

