# 3.15 What is a “Justiciar Knight” and how do I attain the rank?

> 原文页码: 820-821

3.15 What is a “Justiciar Knight” and how do I attain the rank?
The European military order and tribunal; Commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici – 
PCCTS is represented by self appointed European judges known as ”Justiciar Knights” or 
“Knight Judges” (Latin: justiciarius=man of justice, judge -- Knight=Eques or Cavaliere in 
Old Italian, Chevalier in French, Ritter in German)”. Any self appointed Justiciar Knight 
has been given the authority, by PCCTS on behalf of;
1. The free indigenous peoples of Europe
2. Those Europeans not yet born
3. The legacy of our forefathers and fallen martyrs
- to act as a judge, jury and executioner until the free, indigenous peoples of Europe are 
no longer threatened by cultural genocide, subject to cultural Marxist/Islamic tyranny or 
territorial or existential threats through Islamic demographic warfare. It is therefore 
within any- and every-ones right to act in accordance with the given guidelines.
"One man with courage makes a majority."
Andrew Jackson
To qualify to act as a ”Justiciar Knight” the individual has to pledge 
the Knights Templar oath by completing the “Initiation Rite” (see: 
The PCCTS, Knights Templar Oath – Initiation Rite) and swear to 
follow the principles of the PCCTS, to protect the interests of all free, 
indigenous Europeans, European cultures and Christendom in 
general through armed struggle. Choosing the path of the Justiciar 
Knight is to walk the path in pursuit of becoming “The Perfect 
Knight”. Any candidate prepared to walk this road must be willing to 
forfeit his materialistic ambitions and embrace voluntary poverty 
and martyrdom.
The Order and Tribunal has concluded that any and all Europeans 
have not just a right, but a duty to resist through political and 
military means; cultural Marxist/multiculturalist atrocities and crimes 
committed against the indigenous peoples of Europe. As such, any 
European Christian conservative can act as a Justiciar Knight. This 
includes Christian agnostics and Christian atheists. Although the 
PCCTS, Knights Templar is a pan-European indigenous rights movement we give all 
Europeans, regardless of skin colour, the opportunity to become a Justiciar Knight as long 
as the individual is either a Christian, Christian agnostic or a Christian atheist.
The European Military & Criminal Tribunal, PCCTS, request that any and all Justiciar 
Knights of Europe; identify and effectuate punishment for category A and B traitors - 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist individuals for the violations specified and included in this 
document; charges 1 – 8.
These charges are directed at all category A and B traitors – individuals who planned, 
instigated, ordered, committed or otherwise aided and abetted in the planning, 
preparation or execution of a crime(s) referred to in the mentioned articles. All category 
A and B traitors shall be held individually responsible for the crime(s).
Any and all individuals who sympathise with the PCCTS principles and/or are affiliated 
with (but not limited to) the European Resistance Movements (patriotic liberalists or 
conservatives), nationalist movements of any category, Christian movements or any type 
of cultural conservative movement are encouraged to volunteer and appoint themselves 
as Justiciar Knights and fight under the banner of the PCCTS - the cross of the Martyrs. 
By doing so, the individual(s) will avoid incriminating anyone in his environment or his or 
her old “organisation”. Normally, any individual who decides he want to choose the road 
of the PCCTS, a road of strength and honour, courage and martyrdom, should leave any 
other organisation for practical reasons (first and foremost in order to protect them). He 
will then spend a predefined time preparing himself mentally (this cannot be emphasised 
enough) as well as for planning the actual operation (planning, financing and eventually 
execution of the plan). This may take longer than 36 months depending on the nature of 
the assault.

