# 3.16 PCCTS - Purpose and objectives of re-founding

> 原文页码: 822-825

3.16 PCCTS - Purpose and objectives of re-founding
Short list - overview
The PCCTS, Knights Templar serve as an independent pan-European Military and Criminal 
Tribunal in the current Western European civil war. We have come to the conclusion that 
the democratical struggle to save Europe has been lost. Our purpose and goal is to defeat 
the cultural Marxist/Multiculturalist Alliance of Europe, seize political and military control 
of Western European countries and implement a cultural conservative political agenda. 
PCCTS activities will continue in all three phases of the European civil war until our 
objectives have been completed.
-
Phase 1 – 1999-2030
-
Phase 2 – 2030-2070
-
Phase 3 – 2070-2083
Our primary objectives (in phase 1 and 2):
1. We will educate the European peoples about the 
ongoing political, social and demographical development. 
We will distribute the content, every single paragraph of 
the two first books of the compendium “2083” and other 
works containing the truth about the current 
development, with the intention of rallying more 
Europeans for the cause. Distributing content has proven 
difficult in the past as the current social and political 
establishment view the content as “politically incorrect” 
and refuse to acknowledge its relevancy and subsequently 
ignore and censor it all together. Creating awareness of specifically defined topics is the 
essence of our phase 1 struggle. We will launch information campaigns and create 
awareness by using any means necessary, including distribution of our messages by 
using lethal shock attacks against concentrations of class A and B traitors in a pan-
European context. The primary goal of the shock attacks is not the immediate physical 
manifestation of the attack (destroying a few buildings, killing a few hundred traitors) but 
rather the indirect effects. Shock attacks will have the potency to penetrate the strict 
censorship regime of the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists. Any substantial shock attack 
will therefore have the potential to do massive ideological damage on the multicultural 
ideology (as the multicultural dream will become ever so distant) and its propagators in 
various ways; 
-
Education of the European peoples – people will be interested to know why buildings 
around them are falling down and will seek information themselves and/or learn what the 
media presents
-
Moral effect/recruitment - encouraging thousands of brothers and sisters
-
Creating important military and ideological reference points
-
Increasing and developing the level of innovation/sophistication of methods applied
-
Contribution to increase the acceptance level of new methods applied 
-
Discouraging our enemies which may lead to direct/indirect “defection”, or fear/reservations 
against criticising right wingers etc.
-
Contribution to force many Europeans out of their self-induced coma
-
Many individuals (especially category A, B and C traitors who until now has just “gone with 
the flow”) will re-evaluate the premises for their support to multiculturalism (destruction of 
our European cultures) or at least the premises for allowing mass-Muslim immigration/the 
ongoing Islamisation and will re-consider if it is really worth the trouble
-
Contribution for creating a broader acceptance for defending and support European culture 
without being target of EUSSR labelling techniques (bigot, fascist, Nazi, racist). 
-
Marketing the resistance movement
-
Making moderate cultural conservatives more approachable, by the establishment, by 
broadening or expanding the very definition of extreme right wing axis etc. 
-
Many individuals (politically neutral) may start to have reservations against working in 
government buildings (near concentrations of category A or B traitors) which will help 
polarise the left and right.
We will be contributing to re-writing the very fabric of society which will have short term 
and long term effects.
-
We may see police strikes or at least demands for higher salary (especially in countries 
where there is no tradition for urban revolutionary warfare). Many cultural conservative 
street police may quit the job as they are uncomfortable and simply unwilling to hunt down 
and kill militant cultural conservatives. Alternatively, they may also stay and help us in 
future operations directly or indirectly. Either way, they will be vary of future military 
operations and will stay out of our way (which will result in a minimum of sympathiser 
deaths for any future operation). Others may quit for similar reasons. This trend may result 
in the police force itself turning Muslim which will have reprecautions for as how they are 
viewed by the public. An increase in Muslim police officers will increase mistrust towards 
the police and government (just remember the riots in Utrech triggered by a Muslim cop 
who killed a nationalist).
-
The government will have to invest billions on security related fields, which will weaken 
them financially and might contribute to cuts in other fields. 
Practical information we intend to distribute (see topics in the three books):
- What you need to know, Our falsified history and other forms of cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist propaganda 
- Europe Burning (Contemporary issues)
- A Declaration of preemptive War (demands, charges, tactics and other information 
meant for internal use.)
2. We will pressure our National Military Commands in Western Europe to start acting in 
the interest of its people instead of serving the corrupt and suicidal cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist governments. Our objective is to convince enough junior/senior 
military officers that the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites are so detached from the 
reality and its own people that they are no longer serving their interests and as such; the 
democratical system has been corrupted to a degree that it can no longer solve our 
problems. Our only remaining chance to save Europe is by labelling the current cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes as illegitimate and illegal, seizing political power by 
initiating military coup d’états, declaring Martial law and create temporary military 
tribunals. We must convince enough military officers (in Phase 1 and 2) that this is the 
only pragmatical approach. As such, our objective is to convince enough military officers 
that the implementation of our agenda (or something equivalent) is the only way Europe 
can avoid a continued cultural genocide and a future Islamic take-over. 
Furthermore, we will attempt to convince individuals in the current governments, the 
MA100 political parties and the cultural Marxist alliance in general (as many category A, 
B and C traitors as possible) to acknowledge the fact that: 
i. There is a deliberate Islamic demographic warfare being waged against Europe by the 
Global Islamic Ummah.
ii. Multiculturalism is and has always been an anti-European hate ideology aimed at 
undermining the indigenous peoples of Europe and destroying European civilisation and 
culture.
If just a fraction of the current Western European military commands, governments, the 
MA100 political parties and the news agencies are convinced to acknowledge these and 
other facts, they will be forced out of their current “apathetic state” and to start acting in 
the interests of the European people.  
3. We will continue to work for the consolidation of the “European right” under one “un-
official” banner (ranging from moderate to extreme). This includes the work for a 
continued consolidation among European right wing intellectuals, political activists and 
military orders. Emphasis must be on; cooperation to ensure our survival. We will also 
continue to develop legal/illegal Conservative militias and clandestine military cells.
4. We will create reference points which will contribute to escalate the European civil war 
faster. The intention is to ensure that we seize power before there is a Muslim majority. 
By employing and implementing sophisticated methods and mechanics early on we 
contribute to introduce, legitimise and establish new “methods/traditions” among the 
resistance movements which will benefit us in all phases. 
Military objectives
There have already been thousands of pre-
emptive strikes from brave Europeans all 
over Europe. However, the majority of 
attacks have been impotent “poop in 
mailbox” operations with zero to little 
ideological effect. In order to successfully 
penetrate the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
media censorship we are forced to employ 
significantly more brutal and breath taking 
operations which will result in casualties. In 
order for the attack to gain an influential 
effect, assassinations and the use of 
weapons of mass destruction must be embraced. When employing such methods the 
Justiciar Knight becomes a force multiplier, he becomes a one-man army. The 
continuation of these “humiliating strikes” on the Multiculturalist system will contribute to 
destroy the cultural Marxist hegemony in Europe. 
Any Justiciar Knight of the PCCTS is a person who fights the cultural 
Marxist/Multiculturalist Alliance with weapons, using unconventional methods. The PCCTS 
follows a political goal, and focus attacks on the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
government, the MA100 political parties or any individuals who are categorised as a 
category A or B traitor.
PCCTS’s will use guerrilla warfare against MA100 political parties and individuals who 
directly or indirectly support the ”cultural Marxist/Multiculturalist Alliance”. Our method of 
choice is sabotage operatons or the use of shock attacks against concentrations of 
category A and B traitors throughout phase 1 and 2. 
Our objectives also include the aim of radicalising Muslims through strategic attacks on 
their communities. This will contribute to escalate the conflicts and create increased 
polarisation which will serve our interests. 
We intend to assist in future militia building, clandestine activities, even coup attempts 
(phase 2 and 3 objective) with the intention to replace the sitting regimes with cultural 
conservative governments.

