# 3.18 ”Open source” warfare - clandestine cell systems - the most efficient way of warfare in Phase 1

> 原文页码: 830-830

3.18 ”Open source” warfare - clandestine cell systems - the most efficient way 
of warfare in Phase 1
A clandestine cell structure is a method for organising a group in such a way that it 
becomes virtually immune to detection, penetration and decapitation. As such, it is a 
critical strategic element of our operations. It is not in any way lead under a fixed, fragile 
hierarchy but works as an extremely distributed movement, a resilient network made up 
of small, autonomous groups or cells. Each group is lead by a cell commander, often 
working solo, who makes all the decisions based on fixed fundamental principles. We 
therefore avoid the use of electronic communications (including mobile phones, email and 
internet chat), because electronic intelligence, signals intelligence, ELINT, SIGINT, is a 
strength of conventional militaries and counterintelligence organisations. 
Solo Martyr Cells are completely unknown to our enemies and has a minimal chance of 
being exposed. The relatively indestructible and impenetrable nature of the Cell System 
allows the individual to stay hidden until he is ready to ”activate” himself. Even then he 
will escape the scrutiny often reserved for young men of Arab descent. Optimally he 
should not have any affiliations to ”extremist networks” or to any extreme right wing 
movements for obvious reasons. This will disallow the National Intelligence Agencies to 
place the individual on their ”radar”/under surveillance. As with the “open source” 
concept in general our core principles which include armed resistance against the cultural 
Marxists/ multiculturalists are made available for public collaboration. Our evolving 
approach to conducting warfare makes it extremely quick to innovate and share tactics 
rapidly from cell to cell without the direction of a vulnerable leadership hierarchy.
Each European country has tens of thousands individuals who are affiliated with far right 
conservative movements (from moderate to extreme). In addition, there are several 
thousand individuals who sympathise with armed resistance groups against the cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists (many of them being in the police force and the intelligence 
agencies themselves).
National Intelligence Agencies have very limited resources and will not be able to monitor 
tens of thousands of people efficiently (they will not waste excessive resources on 
individuals who are not considered an immediate threat). They will not have any chance 
whatsoever to implement efficient means against Solo or even Duo cells because you are 
not on their ”priority watch list”. Even if you are on a watchlist you have several 
opportunities.
Weaknesses
Groups and individuals who use terror (spreading fear and means of intimidation) as its 
primary weapon (even if concentrated on specific individuals or government buildings 
only) will always have limited ”open” support in the population. 
The rather excessive secrecy and decentralised concept of our command structure can 
contribute to a reduction or distortion of information about our goals and ideals. This 
would only be a problem if f. example a cell commander fails to send an announcement 
to predefined news agencies and blogs. The biggest threat is that media or government 
agencies might attempt to distort our messages and material and present it to the media 
as NS or racist in nature in an attempt to de-legitimise us. This has the potential to 
prevent the wanted effect of our operation, support for our cause and political pressure 
on current regimes (to halt Muslim immigration and Islamisation). However, if the cultural 

