# 3.19 Cell structure - Cell Commander

> 原文页码: 831-831

Marxist/multiculturalist governments attempt to falsely give credit to racist organisations 
they risk creating more activity among the NS movements so it is a double edged blade 
even for them.
3.19 Cell structure - Cell Commander  
"[A Templar Knight] is truly a fearless knight, and secure on 
every side, for his soul is protected by the armour of faith, 
just as his body is protected by the armour of steel. He is 
thus doubly-armed, and need fear neither demons nor men." 
Bernard de Clairvaux, c. 1135, De Laude Novae Militae—In 
Praise of the New Knighthood.
A good leader must correctly estimate the situation and all 
practical, military and political factors. Any cell commander 
(even for solo cells) must learn to master certain skills, traits 
and principles. He must have a strong conviction, be self-
confident, be highly motivated, hard working and with the 
practical knowledge required in order to successfully execute 
an operation alone (logistics, finance and execution). 
Furthermore, he must be willing to martyr himself in the final operation. 
A Justiciar Knight must be keenly aware of not only the terrain, but of local political 
issues. They must also be fully up-to-date on the present enemy status, intelligence 
methods and able to initiate quick and sometimes necessary modifications in his strategy. 
Careful planning is required regardless of the size of the cell.  
It must also be remembered that the element of surprise is crucial in the operation. A 
Justiciar Knight must often make quick decisions after initiating and should have 
undergone several simulations (especially regarding timing of allocation from target A to 
target B) of the operation prior to the actual assault. There can be no hesitation during 
the execution of plans and he must be prepared to act correctly should any potential 
problem arise.  
A Cell commander is a volunteer and will often be working alone. Therefore the 
traditional military “sheep mentality” is only a liability. It’s imperative that the individual 
is creative, resourceful, ideologically self confident and has the ability to maintain high 
moral. This is the reason why very few individuals are cut out for activity (perhaps only 1 
out of 1000 conservative activists).
The total weight of the operation (all aspects) will be on the Justiciar Knight including:
- Finance the operation: from 10 000 Euros for basic operations (consecutive executions) 
and up to 300 000+ Euros (for more advanced operations).
- Buying forged ID (if necessary)
- Rent an apartment and/or hiding place (base of operation), including setting up 
armour/explosive caches (hid/dug down in remote locations) 
- Transportation (car rental)
- Information (anonymous PC/laptop – internet)
- Buy weapons/armour/ammo/explosive components

