# 3.2 Charges against all cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites of Europe (category A and B traitors)

> 原文页码: 770-784

If these demands are not fully implemented, if the European Union isn't dismantled, 
multiculturalism isn't rejected and Muslim immigration isn't stopped, we, the peoples of 
Europe, are left with no other choice than to conclude that our authorities have abandoned 
us, and that the taxes they collect are therefore unjust and that the laws that are passed 
without our consent are illegitimate. We will stop paying taxes and take the appropriate 
measures to protect our own security and ensure our national survival.
The above declaration was forwarded to many political parties of the so called 
“Multiculturalist Alliance” (MA100 political parties) and many “cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist media organisations in 2007. As expected, no one ever bothered 
to comment on the demands as it was categorised as “right wing nonsense” and 
categorically ignored.
3.2 Charges against all cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites of Europe 
(category A and B traitors)
“A person may cause evil to others not only by his actions but by his inaction, and in either 
case he is justly accountable to them for the injury.”
John Stuart Mill
Individual criminal responsibility:
A person who planned, instigated, ordered, committed or otherwise aided and abetted in 
the planning, preparation or execution of a crime referred to in the following articles shall 
be held individually responsible for the crime.
The official position of any accused person, whether as Head of State or Government or 
as a responsible Government official, shall not relieve such person of criminal 
responsibility or mitigate punishment.
The fact that any of the acts referred to in the 
following articles was committed by a subordinate 
does not relieve his superior of criminal 
responsibility if he knew or had reason to know 
that the subordinate was about to commit such 
acts or had done so and the superior failed to take 
the necessary and reasonable measures to 
prevent such acts or to punish the perpetrators 
thereof.
The fact that an accused person acted pursuant to an order of a Government or of a 
superior shall not relieve him of criminal responsibility, but may or may not be considered 
in mitigation of punishment in the future (depending on the accused persons current and 
future acts of repent). 
The accused
Charges brought against cultural Marxist/multiculturalist/suicidal humanist/capitalist 
globalist politicians, primarily from the alliance of European political parties known as 
”the MA 100” and EU parliamentarians. The accused are also elected and non-elected 
parliamentarians, their advisors and any public and/or corporate servant who has been 
and still are indirectly or directly implicated in committing the following acts.
The accused are also individuals from various professional groups (but not limited to): 
journalists, editors, teachers, lecturers, university professors, various school/university 
board members, publicists, radio commentators, writers of fiction, cartoonists, and artists 
etc. The accused includes many individuals from other professional groups such as: 
technicians, scientists, doctors and even Church leaders. In addition, individuals 
(investors etc) who have directly or indirectly funded related activities. It’s important to 
note that the stereotypical ”socialists”, collectivists, feminists, gay and disability activists, 
animal rights activists, environmentalists etc are to be considered on an individual basis 
only. Not everyone who is associated with one of these groups or movements is to be 
considered a cultural Marxist/multiculturalist.
The accused are individuals who have deliberately used their influence in a way which 
makes them indirectly or directly guilty of the listed charges. Many of these individuals 
will attempt to claim ”ignorance” of the crimes they are accused of. 
The charges
1a. Aiding and abetting to cultural genocide against the 
indigenous peoples of Europe.
Cultural genocide is a term used to describe the deliberate 
destruction of the cultural heritage of a people or nation for 
political, military, religious, ideological, ethnical, or racial 
reasons[1].
According to the ”United Nations Declaration on the Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples”[2] the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
elites of Europe (all category A, B and C traitors) are committing cultural genocide 
against the Indigenous Peoples of Europe. 
“United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples” adopted by General 
Assembly Resolution 61/295 on 13 September 2007.
According to each part of this declaration; Europe is the victim of cultural genocide on 
par with that of Tibet.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cultural_genocide
2. http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/unpfii/en/drip.html
1b. Aiding and abetting a foreign invasion/colonisation of Europe by allowing 
systematical Islamic demographic warfare (by the Global Islamic Ummah)
The cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites of Europe are committing high treason by 
allowing and justifying past and current deliberate Islamic invasion/colonisation of Europe 
by Muslim states and the rest of the Global Islamic Ummah through the use of 
demographic warfare (by allowing mass Muslim immigration and allowing and tolerating 
average Muslim birth-rates of 3-4). These actions committed are coordinated efforts 
aimed at our Islamisation and the elimination of our freedoms. Europe is thus subject to 
a foreign invasion and aiding and abetting a foreign invasion in any way constitutes 
treason.  
2a. Contributing to deliberately disallow Europe’s indigenous peoples from exercising the 
right to resist the Islamic invasion/colonisation through demographic warfare. 
2b. Contributing to institutionalised persecution, discrimination, harassment, illegal 
monitoring, incarceration, torture and/or mental/physical abuse of any and all individuals 
who attempt to resist or oppose the Islamic invasion/colonisation of Europe through 
demographic warfare and/or cultural genocide.  
Crimes committed against cultural conservatives or other political 
“enemies/threats”.
- Contributing to expelling (firing)/demoting/hindrance of promotion of more than 
40 000 cultural conservatives in various professions due to their political conservative 
stance.
- Contributing to incarceration of more than 150 000 cultural conservatives or others, 
who doesn’t support the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist stance, for “resistance” and/or 
“defence” related acts. Acts related to self-defence or with the purpose of directly or 
indirectly protecting ethnic Christian European interests (everything from the loss of life 
to securing national borders). This also includes attacks and/or the execution of cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists or pre-emptive strikes for the purpose of preventing/limiting 
the use of demographic warfare. This also includes acts committed with the purpose of 
preventing/limiting (through illegal acquirement of funds or through violence) cultural 
genocide. Among the persecuted/incarcerated are primarily Western European citizens. 
Serbian and Croat war heroes are however also included.
2c. Aiding and abetting to cause the extinction of the indigenous Europeans’ by creating 
and/or maintaining the Marxist social structures which has lead to an average fertility 
rate of less than 1,5 among the indigenous Europeans.
These policies of extinction is nothing less than the deliberate plan to cause the indirect 
demographical genocide on a mass scale by implementing and maintaining Marxist social 
structures. This huge deficit is then used as the primary argument to allow mass Muslim 
immigration. The utter unwillingness to change these social structures (reverse from 
matriarchal oriented structures to patriarchal structures) leading to this gradual 
extinction is considered no less than high treason. These Marxist social structures causes 
an annual Western European birth deficit of at least 2 million. The political doctrines 
which create the fundament for these Marxist social structures are included in another 
chapter. A few examples include collaboration by allowing the marketing and propagating 
the excessive distribution of contraceptive pills to European women, by allowing 500 000 
annual abortions, by stripping aways mens rights and prerogative (as patriarch/head of 
the family) in relation to custody care, by criminalising physical disciplinary methods etc.
3a. Contributing to deliberately and systematically preventing Europe’s indigenous 
peoples from exercising the right to self-determination. 
3b. Contributing to undermine and destroy the Western European democracies by 
deliberately and systematically importing Muslim voters, encouraging to Islamic block 
voting and encouraging to Islamic demographic warfare for the purpose of increasing 
and/or growing voter base.
4. Contributing to deliberately exposing and thus endangering Europe’s indigenous 
peoples to individuals and groups who exercise a fascist, violent, discriminating and 
genocidal political ideology known as Islam. These individuals and groups are all 
members of the Global Islamic Ummah, who has historically or still are exercising violent, 
hateful, threatening, discriminating and genocidal behaviour and acts towards and 
against Europe’s indigenous peoples.
The behaviour and systematic acts of terror includes: demographic warfare, murder, 
rape, robberies, theft, harassment, slavery, sexual exploitation, financial exploitation and 
other various forms of physical and mental abuse.
5. Participation of indirect atrocities against Europeans.
Crimes against the indigenous peoples of Western Europe - 1960-2010
The following atrocities have been committed by the Muslims 
(directly) residing in Western Europe. As such, the following 
atrocities have been indirectly committed by the cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists themselves. The victims are all non-
Muslims, primarily indigenous Europeans.
European cultural Marxists/multiculturalists are collectively held 
responsible for all criminal acts Muslims commit against 
indigneous Europeans in Europe (and acts committed by Muslims 
against other non-Muslims). It is not the free peoples of Europe 
but the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist category A, B and C 
traitors alone who have invited and allowed Muslims to stay in 
Europe and have therefore indirectly acted as the primary enabler of the following 
crimes:
(a) Traumatising physical or psychological abuse 
Includes robberies, beatings, traumatising threats, severe harassment, all forms of 
violence, rape excluded. Contributing to allowing the harassment, robberies, theft, 
financial exploitation and other various forms of physical and mental abuse of aprox 4,5 
million Europeans (1960-2010). Estimates are calculated based on number of atrocities 
committed. Many Europeans have been abused or exploited several times. Ratio is an 
average 1000 atrocities per 100 000 Muslims annually.
Contributing to allowing the enslavement and/or systematic sexual exploitation of aprox 
8000 European women and men for shorter or longer periods (1960-2010). Figure is 
included in (a)
(b) Murder or indirect murder
Contributing to allowing the first degree murder of 44 800 indigenous Europeans by 
exposing them to the Global Islamic Ummah. This includes the direct and indirect murder 
of Europeans committed by Muslims living in Europe. There us an average of 10 murders 
per year, per 100 000 Muslims (directly or indirectly). This figure also includes the 
numbers in (b), (1960-2010).
Contributing to allowing the indirect murder of 10 000-20 000 Europeans (already 
included in above figure) by exposing them to the Global Islamic Ummah. Causes 
includes suicide or other secondary lethal inflictions due to Muslim rape, harassment, 
torture, slavery, violence, threats or financial and/or sexual exploitation (1960-2010).
(c) Rape
Contributing to allowing the rape of aprox 1,1 million European women (based on 
Swedish statistics, 1960-2010). Estimates are calculated based on number of rapes. A 
gang rape will count number of rapists in relation to number of rapes. Many European 
girls/women have been raped multiple times. Ratio is an average 200 rapes per 100 000 
Muslims annually.
(d) Arson
Contributing to allowing and facilitating 450 000 arson crimes of arson. Estimates include 
car burnings which is a significant problem in many European major cities. Arson is often 
the preferred method the Muslims will use to weaken the society. Ratio is an average 100 
arson attacks per 100 000 Muslims annually.
6. Participation to war crimes against Croats but especially Serbs before, during 
and after the 1999 NATO bombings [1][2][3][4]
In the NATO bombing of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, large numbers of civilians in 
addition to members of the Serb forces have incontestably been killed and civilian and 
non-civilian installations destroyed. NATO has carried out between 5,000 and 10,000 
bombing missions over the territories of the former Yugoslavia since March 24, 1999. 
Furthermore, NATO forced Serbian forces out and thereby helped the Islamic terror 
organisation, UCK, to conquer Kosovo.
NATO leaders "have admitted publicly to having agreed upon and ordered these actions, 
being fully aware of their nature and effects. There is ample evidence in the public 
statements of NATO leaders that these attacks on civilian and non-civilian targets were 
part of a deliberate strategy to terrorise the population in order to achieve the goal of 
turning them against their leadership. 
NATO atrocities against Serbs
NATO leaders have openly admitted targeting civilian infrastructure as well as military 
targets. The list of targets has included fuel depots, oil refineries, government offices, 
power stations and communications links, such as roads, tunnels, bridges and railway 
links, including those not inside the region of, or in the vicinity of, Kosovo.
In addition to these deliberate attacks on civilian infrastructure and objects, there have 
been a great number of attacks which have caused direct physical harm and death to 
civilians.
These bombing missions have directly caused the death of approximately 2,000 men, 
women and children and serious injury to 7,500 more.
Though the above-named NATO leaders have claimed that these incidents were 
accidents, they have also admitted that they were an inevitable result of their bombing 
strategy, a strategy which they appear to have continued unmodified and even to have 
intensified throughout these incidents.
There is ample evidence in the public statements of NATO leaders that these attacks on 
civilian targets are part of a deliberate attempt to terrorise the population to turn it 
against its leadership.
The NATO bombing has done an estimated $100 billion dollars in property damage and 
completely destroyed or seriously damaged dozens of bridges, railways and railway 
stations, major roads, airports, including civilian airports, hospitals and health care 
centres, television transmitters, medieval monasteries and religious shrines, cultural-
historical monuments and museums, hundreds of schools, faculties and facilities for 
students and children, thousands of dwellings and civilian industrial and agricultural 
facilities.
Refineries and warehouses storing liquid raw materials and chemicals have been hit 
causing environmental contamination and exposing the civilian population to the 
emission of poisonous gases.
The NATO bombings have also made use of weapons banned by international convention, 
including cruise missiles utilising depleted uranium highly toxic to human beings.
Aftermath
There are now more than 2500 un-detonated cluster bombs spread over large parts of 
Serbian territories. 160 000 Serbs live in these affected areas and it will take more than 
12-23 years to clear the areas if the work continues in today’s pace. Serbia needs 242 
NOK millions for the work of digging up and disarming cluster ammunition that haven’t 
yet detonated. NATO dropped approximately 37 000 cluster bombs over Yugoslavia 
during the 78 day illegal war campaign in 1999. The bombs have since then killed more 
than 31 individuals and injured more than 160.[1]
Use of illegal weapons - Cluster Bombs and Depleted Uranium weapons against 
the Serbs
Subsequent agreements, including the Hague Conventions of 1899 and 1907, the Geneva 
Conventions of 1925 and 1949 and the Nuremberg Charter of 1945 have affirmed that 
the following acts are prohibited under international law:
i. Use of weapons or tactics which cause unnecessary or aggravated devastation or 
suffering.
ii. Use of weapons or tactics which cause indiscriminate harm, i.e., to non-combatants.
iii. Use of weapons or tactics which violate the neutral jurisdiction of   non-participating 
states.
iv. Use of asphyxiating, poisonous or other gas, and all analogous substances including 
bacteriological methods of war.
v. Use of weapons which or tactics which cause widespread, long-term and severe 
damage to the environment.
The United States and NATO have openly admitted to using both cluster bombs and 
depleted uranium weapons in the March-June, 1999 war against the Federal Republic of 
Yugoslavia. Furthermore, in the 78 days of bombing, the U.S. and NATO had no intention 
of even trying to limit the use of cluster and DU weapons to military targets.
Criminal charges:
All of the Heads of State and Government of the 19 NATO countries, their Foreign 
Ministers and Ministers of Defence, and officials and military leaders of NATO, have 
admitted publicly to having agreed upon and ordered these actions, being fully aware of 
their nature and effects. In addition, many others will be determined as accomplices in 
committing these crimes. 
"The atrocities committed against the Serbs is not only immoral, it is criminal and 
punishable under various laws. Even in a legal war you cannot kill civilians and destroy 
an entire country as a military strategy. 
The following charges are directed at any individual who planned, instigated, ordered, 
committed or otherwise aided and abetted in the planning, preparation or execution of a 
crime(s) referred to in the mentioned articles and shall be held individually responsible 
for the crime(s).
The criminal charges include:
a. Wilful killing. 
b. Wilfully causing great suffering or serious injury to body or health. 
c. Extensive destruction and appropriation of property not justified by military necessity 
and carried out unlawfully and wantonly.
d. Employment of poisonous weapons or other weapons to cause unnecessary suffering.
e. Wanton destruction of cities, towns or villages, or devastation not justified by military 
necessity.
f. Attack, or bombardment, by whatever means, of undefended towns, villages, 
dwellings, or buildings.
g. Seizure of, destruction or wilful damage done to institutions dedicated to religion, 
charity and education, the arts and sciences, historic monuments and works of art and 
science.
h. Aiding and abetting to cultural genocide against the Christian populations in parts of 
the Balkans.  
i. Aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah (primarily Bosniaks and 
Albanians in this case) by helping them continue colonisation/invasion through 
demographic warfare of parts of the Balkans.
j. Deliberately preventing the Serbian people and other non-Muslim peoples in the 
Balkans from exercising their right to resist Islamic demographic warfare/indirect Islamic 
invasion/colonisation waged against them by the Global Islamic Ummah.
k. Deliberately and systematically preventing the Serbian people and other non-Muslim 
peoples in the Balkans from exercising the right to self-determination and disallowing 
them their right to avenge past atrocities committed by the Global Islamic Ummah. 
Avenging centuries of atrocities involves mass deportations of Bosniaks and Albanians.
l. Deliberately disallowing or disabling, through military force, the Serbian and Croat 
government in its pursuit to prevent its population from being exposed and thus 
endangered by individuals and groups who exercises a fascist, violent, discriminating and 
genocidal political ideology known as Islam. These individuals and groups are all 
members of the Global Islamic Ummah, who has historically or still are exercising violent, 
hateful, discriminating and genocidal behaviour and acts towards and against Europe’s 
Christian and/or atheist indigenous peoples.
The behaviour and systematic acts of terror includes: demographic warfare, murder, 
rape, robberies, theft, harassment, slavery, sexual exploitation, financial exploitation and 
other various forms of physical and mental abuse.
7a. Indirectly or directly supporting and/or contributing to the creation, marketing and 
implementation of multiculturalism, an anti-Western hate ideology aimed at undermining 
the indigenous peoples of Europe and destroying European civilisation and culture. 
Multiculturalism has never been about tolerance. It is an anti-European hate ideology 
championed as an instrument for unilaterally dismantling European nation states, culture, 
traditions, Christianity and identity. As such, it is an evil ideology bent on an entire 
culture's eradication.
7b. Contributing to systematical ideological coercing and brainwashing (also known as 
thought reform or re-education) of the indigenous peoples of Western Europe in the 
attempt to modify people’s social and political philosophy and instilling certain attitudes. 
These indoctrination efforts are aimed towards all Europeans in order to form certain 
beliefs in a person with the aim of affecting individual value systems and subsequent 
thought-patterns and behaviours. This has been done by designing multiculturalist school 
curriculums with the intention of indoctrinating all individuals. Falsified and biased 
representations, falsified or biased statistics, falsified or biased sources, 
biased/unbalanced coverage and  labelling certain opponents/groups as 
bigots/racists/Nazis is common. Furthermore, propaganda, direct or indirect manipulation 
and other forms of trickery is prevalent with the intention of creating a foundation for a 
new society based on multiculturalism and emotionalism/extreme egalitarianism. Other 
motives include the goal of limiting opposition/resistance towards mass-Muslim 
immigration/Islamic demographic warfare.
The cultural Marxist media establishment of Western Europe have since the 1960-1970s 
had a political agenda which closely coincides with the political establishment. As such 
their methods have included systematically attacking, discrediting and undermining 
Europe’s traditional institutions, mechanics and processes in order to lay the foundation 
for a new society based on multiculturalism and emotionalism/extreme egalitarianism. 
Individuals who has supported a more rationalistic, individualistic and/or traditional views 
have been systematically labelled as bigots and silenced through various means.
The following institutions, norms, principles, and traditions have been 
systematically criticised/ ridiculed/ opposed/ undermined/ weakened/ partly 
dismantled:
The cultural Marxist/multiculturalist aim is to destroy all ties to history, culture, family, 
community, and one's people as a whole:
•
Traditional family structure (the nuclear family) through glorifying non-marital 
relationships, emphasis on sex education from young age, casual sex etc.
•
European national states and national borders 
•
European/national cultural heritage and traditions
•
European Christian traditions 
•
The Church’s influence in society (social and political influence). Conservative Church 
leaders are undermined/ridiculed/silenced. 
•
Discipline and disciplinary measures in educational institutions, at home and in society in 
general (by opposing/criticising/disallowing mental and physical disciplinary measures)
•
The political mechanisms based on rationality and logic (death penalty, strict sentencing)
•
The police/military role and influence in society by limiting their influence and rights (law 
and order)
•
Men’s right to equal child care/custody.  
•
Conservative organisations or individuals opposing mass-Muslim immigration and/or 
multiculturalism/feminism/extreme egalitarianism/emotionalism are systematically 
criticised, undermined, silenced, ridiculed and labelled as bigots/racists/Nazis/fascists. 
Examples are Christian newspapers/magazines and other cultural conservative publications 
who are being discriminated against through various means.
Active support for:
•
Feminism/emotionalism/egalitarianism/multiculturalism and thus active support for the 
Islamisation of Europe.
•
Liberal Church leaders
•
Cultural Marxist/multiculturalist radical groups (Left wing extremists) such as Blitz, AFA, 
UAF etc.
Biased coverage of:
Environmentalism – obsession with global warming instead of focusing on overpopulation 
(no calls for birth/population control in the developing world)
- Biased coverage of US administrations/elections (always supporting Democrats and 
always opposing Republicans) 
- The Iraqi war and ”the war on terror”. Always focus on the US bombing of civilians. 
No coverage on the persecution and Jihadi attacks against Christian Assyrians after the 
fall of Saddam. There has been an ongoing Jihad against non-Muslims in Iraq and other 
Muslim countries the last centuries. No coverage.  
- The Jihad against Israel - Israel has for the last decades systematically been 
demonised and labelled as the aggressor. Ignoring the ongoing Jihad against Israeli Jews 
and non-Israeli Jews the last centuries. F example 80 000 Jews was deported from Egypt 
after WW2 etc. Several hundred Jews are murdered annually in the Middle East by 
Jihadists (no coverage). No coverage of Islamic Jihads and other Jihadi organisations 
military tactics; f example the launching of missiles from Christian villages in Lebanon 
and the use of Christians as human shields.
- The Jihad against Christian Lebanon – This was a systematic Jihad launched by the 
Global Islamic Ummah (several Muslim countries, Iran sent more than 5000 Jihadi 
soldiers) against a Christian population who finally decided to make a final push before it 
was too late due to the ongoing Islamic demographic warfare. The Global Islamic Ummah 
refused to acknowledge a Christian state. Unfortunately they were abandoned by their 
historical protectors, France and other Western European countries. Christian Lebanon 
was betrayed by Western Europe. As a result, the Muslims won and the Christian exodus 
reached a climax (In 1911 there were 80% Christians in Lebanon, now there are less 
than 25% left. According to Western European media this was a civil war. 
- Balkan war – Blind focus on so called ”Serb persecutions of poor Muslims”. Serbs were 
demonised by the Western European media establishment and labelled as the only 
aggressors. There was little mention of Jihadi atrocities against Christians or the fact that 
more than 6000 international Jihadi warriors travelled to the Balkans (among them more 
than 1000 Muslims living is Western Europe) to wage Jihad against the Christian 
Europeans. The Serbs and Croats had just cause to fight and oppose Islamic 
demographic warfare (it is well known that f example there were 60% Christian Serbs in 
Kosovo around 1900, now there are less than 7% left). The Croats but especially the 
Serbs attempted to deport Bosniaks and Albanians to Albania. This was effectively 
stopped when NATO started the 1999 bombings of Serb forces.
Kashmir conflict – biased coverage (anti-Hindu, pro-Muslim)
India in general – biased coverage (anti-Hindu, pro-Muslim)
Sudan – biased or no coverage
The Western European media establishment have failed to inform the European 
populations of the biggest Jihadi genocides of modern times. Several hundred thousand 
Christians and Animists in Southern Sudan have systematically been massacred. 
Furthermore, they have not informed the European people that this Jihadi campaign is 
supported and funded by Saudi Arabia and other members of the Global Islamic Ummah. 
Nigeria/Biafra – biased or no coverage (anti-Christian, pro-Muslim) 
Chechnya and Dagestan (Muslims vs. Christians)
Biased and Russo-phobic coverage (anti-Christian, pro-Muslim). In this case the Muslims 
have been trying to create an Islamic state for decades. They fail to show the link 
between the so called “poor outnumbered rebels” and their Jihadi motives and terrorist 
activities.
Georgia - Biased and Russo-phobic coverage.
Southern Thailand (Muslims vs. Buddhists)
Biased coverage (anti-Buddhist, pro-Muslim) – This is a Jihad for the creation of yet 
another Muslim republic in Southern Thailand. Jihadi beheadings is not uncommon and 
Jihadi atrocities are downplayed or not reported at all. 
Southern Philippines (Muslims vs. Christians)
Biased or no coverage (anti-Buddhist, pro-Muslim). In Southern Philippines an extremely 
violent Islamic Jihad has gradually escalated the last years. They seek to create an 
Islamic republic.
Western China - Xinjiang (Muslims vs. Buddhists)
Biased coverage (anti-Buddhist, pro-Muslim) Uighur Islamists have waged a Jihad against 
Chinese rule for decades. Turkestan Islamic Party seeks to create an Islamic republic for 
the Muslim Uighur people. Western media have condemned the actions of the Chinese 
government counter-campaigns against the “poor outnumbered rebels”.
The Global Islamic Ummah – Multiple military Jihads combined with 
demographic warfare 
90% of all the Worlds conflicts today are between Jihadists and non-Muslims. In most 
cases, Jihadists want to create Islamic republic’s of some sort. Western media fail to 
connect the dots. They fail to acknowledge that the Global Islamic Ummah are launching 
multiple military Jihads in tandem with Islamic demographic warfare against old and new 
territories around the world. 
Failure to explain terms and educate the European populations about Islam:
- Historical and contemporary Dhimmitude worldwide
- Historical and contemporary Jizya
- The importance of the Global Islamic Ummah
- The importance of Al-Taqiyya in Islam 
- The importance of Quranic abrogation/Naskh (Mecca vs Medina verses)
NO coverage of:
- The ongoing spread of Wahhabism/Jihadi Salafism in the West. Western European 
politicians and the mainstream media have failed to explain the European people that 
Saudi Arabia and other Muslim countries have spent more than 87 billion USD the last 
decades on propagating Wahhabism in the West. Furthermore, they have failed to explain 
that there are now hundreds of Wahhabi centers (mosques and Islamic cultural centers) 
across Europe who teaches an exceptionally hateful variant of Islam.
Daily Jihadi attacks worldwide – More than 200 documented Jihadi attacks on non-
Muslims every week, worldwide (with more than 400 casualties and more than 800 
injured on a weekly basis) – primarily slayings of Christians, Jews, Buddhists, Hindus and 
Animists. Weekly undocumented occurrences range in the thousands on average.
7c. Indirectly or directly supporting and/or contributing to state sanctioned falsification 
campaigns (both revisionism and negationism) aimed at laying the foundation for 
implementing European multiculturalism and/or mass-Muslim immigration.
More info regarding these charges:
The essence of multiculturalism is that all cultures and religions are “equal”. In this 
context our Western governments launched a great “campaign of deception” against their 
own people with the goal of creating a falsified version of the Islamic and European 
Civilisation, in order to make them equal. According to them, this is needed in order to 
successfully implement multiculturalism.
The process was politically motivated with the goal of creating a good foundation for 
Euro-Arab cooperation and trade. 
Examples of falsification and apologist sources include:
•
Exaggerated claims of Muslim cultural and scientific contributions. 
•
The Ottoman Empire was tolerant.
•
The, “Jewish experience” in the Ottoman Empire “ was a calm, peaceful, and a fruitful 
one..”.
•
Balkan Christian boys could acquire great social advancement through “recruitment” into 
the Ottoman devshirme system.
•
The Armenian Genocide never happened. It was rather a struggle between two peoples for 
the possession of a single homeland.
•
Muslim Andalusia (Moorish Spain) is often pointed out by Muslim apologists as a kind of 
multicultural wonderland, in which Jews and Christians were permitted by the Islamic 
government to rise through the ranks of learning and government administration.
•
Jihad means personal struggle
•
Islam is a religion of peace
•
Christianity and Islam are equal in terms of historic atrocities
•
Maronite Christians (Lebanese Christians) falsely claim to be victims.
Examples of systematic deletion/ignoration of important issues
The Western European governments have sanctioned deleting and ignoring large chunks 
of our history, including censorships of school curriculum’s on the following fields: 
•
Hindu/Buddhist genocides - Hindu Kush, the largest Genocides in the history of man
•
Armenian Genocides
•
Greek Genocides
•
Assyrian Genocides
•
Coptic Genocides
•
The past Jihads, torture and enslavement of Christians and other non-Muslim peoples in 
the Middle East and Asia
•
The ongoing Jihads, torture and enslavement of Christian and other non-Muslim peoples or 
individuals in the Middle East and Asia
•
Jus Primae Noctis - Officially sanctioned rape under the Ottoman Empire
•
The West’s unwillingness to prevent or defend Christian Lebanon against Jihadi invasions by 
the Global Islamic Ummah (among them many Muslim countries including Iran, Syria, 
Egypt, Jordan). This Jihad eventually lead to the fall of the Christian state of Lebanon. In 
1911 there were 80% Christians in Lebanon, today there are less than 25% left, a minority 
who are still being persecuted)
•
What the Crusades Were Really Like
•
European Slaves, Arab Masters – more than 1,5 million Europeans were enslaved
Examples of anti-Western propaganda included in our school curriculums
•
Falsified information about the Crusades (it was a defensive campaign not offensive)
•
Western colonial history (anti Western bias) was primarily consisting of financial 
exploitation of lesser developed territories but was nothing compared to the 1400 years of 
Islamic Jihad which resulted in countless genocides resulting in more than 300 million 
slaughtered, and the enslavement and forceful conversion of more than 300 million)
More than 95% of today’s Journalists, editors, publishers are pro-Eurabians (support 
European multiculturalism). The same goes for 85% of Western European politicians and 
more than 90% of EU parliamentarians. 
Also, we shouldn’t forget that it’s the EU[5] that is the driving force behind European 
revisionism on Islam in Europe. 
From The Eurabia Code: 
Euro-Arab Dialogue Symposia conducted in Venice (1977) and Hamburg (1983) included 
recommendations that have been successfully implemented…
The necessity of cooperation between European and Arab specialists in order to present a 
positive picture of Arab-Islamic civilisation and contemporary Arab issues to the educated 
public in Europe. 
The Euro-Arab Dialogue (EAD) is a political, economic and cultural institution designed to 
ensure perfect cohesion between Europeans and Arabs. Its structure was set up at 
conferences in Copenhagen (15 December 1973), and Paris (31 July 1974). The principal 
agent of this policy is the European Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, 
founded in 1974. The other principal organs of The Dialogue are the MEDEA Institute and 
the European Institute of Research on Mediterranean and Euro-Arab Cooperation, created in 
1995 with the backing of the European Commission. 
In an interview with Jamie Glazov of Frontpage Magazine, Ye'or explained how "in domestic 
policy, the EAD established a close cooperation between the Arab and European media 
television, radio, journalists, publishing houses, academia, cultural centers, school 
textbooks, student and youth associations, tourism. Church interfaith dialogues were 
determinant in the development of this policy. Eurabia is therefore this strong Euro-Arab 
network of associations - a comprehensive symbiosis with cooperation and partnership on 
policy, economy, demography and culture." 
Eurabia's driving force, the Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, was 
created in Paris in 1974. It now has over six hundred members - from all major European 
political parties - active in their own national parliaments, as well as in the European 
parliament. France continues to be the key protagonist of this association. 
One of the documents Bat Ye'or was kind enough to send me (which she mentions in the 
French version of her book about Eurabia but not in the English version) is the Common 
Strategy of the European Council - Vision of the EU for the Mediterranean Region, from 
June 19th 2000. 
It includes many recommendations, such as: 
"to elaborate partnership-building measures, notably by promoting regular consultations and 
exchanges of information with its Mediterranean partners, support the interconnection of 
infrastructure between Mediterranean partners, and between them and the EU, take all 
necessary measures to facilitate and encourage the involvement of civil society as well as the 
further development of human exchanges between the EU and the Mediterranean partners. 
NGOs will be encouraged to participate in cooperation at bilateral and regional levels. 
Particular attention will be paid to the media and universities [my emphasis]." 
The Strategy also wants to "pursue, in order to fight intolerance, racism and xenophobia, 
the dialogue between cultures and civilisations."
The Algiers Declaration [11] for a Shared Vision of the Future was made after a Congress 
held in Algeria in February 2006. The document states that: "It is essential to create a 
Euro-Mediterranean entity founded on Universal Values" and that "It is crucial to positively 
emphasise all common cultural heritage, even if marginalised or forgotten." A Common 
Action Plan draws up a large number of recommendations on how to achieve this new Euro-
Mediterranean entity. Among these recommendations are: 
•
Adapt existing organisations and the contents of media to the objectives of the North- South 
dialogue, and set up a Euro-Mediterranean journalism centre 
•
Set up a network jointly managed by the Mediterranean partners in order to develop "a 
harmonised education system" [A "harmonised education system" between the Arab world and 
Europe? What does that include? Do I want to know? Will they tell us before it is a fait accompli?] 
These agreements, completely rewriting European history books to make them more Islam-
friendly, and gradually silencing "Islamophobia" as racism, are being implemented even 
now.
In June 2005 in Rabat [14], Morocco, a conference was held on "Fostering Dialogue among 
Cultures and Civilisations." The Conference was jointly organised by UNESCO, the Islamic 
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (ISESCO), the Organisation of the Islamic 
Conference (OIC), the Arab League Educational, Cultural and Scientific Organisation 
(ALECSO), the Danish Centre for Culture and Development (DCCD) and the Anna Lindh 
Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures (Alexandria, Egypt). 
Among the recommendations that were raised by Mr. Olaf Gerlach Hansen, Director General 
of the DCCD: "We are interested in new actions in the media, in culture and in education. 
These proposals include: 
- Concrete initiatives to develop "intercultural competencies" in the training of new 
generations of journalists - Concrete initiatives for links and exchanges between journalists, 
editors, media-institutions, which encourage intercultural co-operation" - Concrete initiatives 
for curriculum development through new educational materials and revision of existing 
textbooks. 
Although not stated directly, one may reasonably assume that among the "negative 
stereotypes" to be removed from the textbooks used to teach history to European 
schoolchildren are any and all references to the 1300 years of continuous Jihad warfare 
against Europe. These recommendations were accepted and incorporated into The Rabat 
Commitment. 
The ECRI called on the EU member states to adopt measures that would effectively outlaw 
any serious debate about Islam and introduce pro-Muslim "affirmative action." European 
countries should: 
•
Modify curricula to prevent "distorted interpretations of religious and cultural history" and 
"portrayal of Islam on perceptions of hostility and menace"; 
•
Encourage debate in the media on the image which they convey of Islam and on their 
responsibility to avoid perpetuating prejudice and bias.
8a. Aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah, in committing 
crimes/Jihad against Serbs in the Balkans and Serbia by directly supporting organisations 
such as the UCK, similar groups in the Balkans and so called Muslim authorities in Kosovo 
through EU and NATO. By refusing to send military aid to our brothers, allies, friends and 
fellow Christians; the Serbs you are committing high treason and are not acting in the 
interest of Europeans.
8b. Aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah, by providing financial 
support to the Palestinian Authority which allows them to wage military Jihad against 
Israel and Christian Lebanon. It is proven beyond any doubt that the funding of the 
Palestinian Authority has in the past been used to finance campaigns of Jihadi terrorism 
against Jews in Israel and against Lebanese Christians in territories under PA control or 
influence.
8c. Aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah, in committing systematic 
genocide against Middle Eastern Christians, by directly supporting the Muslim regimes 
and by refusing to send military aid to our allies, friends and fellow Christians; Christian 
Copts, Maronites and Assyrians in various Muslim dominated countries (primarily Jordan, 
Syria, Egypt, Iraq).
No measures have been taken by the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists to evacuate and 
aid the Christian populations of the Middle East (12-15 million, 2008 estimate). Measures 
should have been taken to create a Christian Coptic state, a Christian Assyrian state, a 
Christian Maronite state and a Christian state reserved for the remaining Christian groups 
in the Middle East. The first step should have been to re-conquer Christian Lebanon, 
deport the Muslim populations and secure the borders to ensure the survival of the 
Christian populations. The cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elite’s inability and 
unwillingness to act on these issues constitutes high treason and betrayal against our 
Christian brothers and sisters in the Middle East as they.

