# 3.20 PCCTS, Knights Templar - Organisational overview

> 原文页码: 832-834

3.20 PCCTS, Knights Templar - Organisational overview
Official name: Pauperes commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici (PCCTS), (the Poor 
Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon)
Nick name: Knights Templar
Type: European Christian military order/tribunal
Role: Defender of Europe, defender of European Christendom, destroyer of Marxism, 
reconquista
Allegiance: The free indigenous peoples of Europe and the European Catholic, 
Protestant and Orthodox Curch
Size: N/A, estimate varies from 15-80 Justiciar Knights in Western Europe (2008 
estimate), unknown how many civilian members
Patron and protector: Bernard of Clairvaux and Jacques de Molay
Guardian saint: Saint George of Lydda
Banner: Cross of the martyrs (a variation of the cross of St. George, red cross on white 
background)
Military badge 1: 2 knights riding one horse
Military badge 2: skull with symbols of the three primary hate-ideologies (Islam, 
Communism/multiculturalism and National Socialism) impaled by the cross of the 
martyrs. 
Motto: Martyrdom before dhimmitude
Organisational characteristics: brotherly love, devoted obedience, embracement of 
martyrdom, voluntary poverty
Org. type: Military order/tribunal (Military/criminal tribunal), one of several patriotic and 
armed European Resistance Movements/Indigenous Rights Movements/European 
Crusader Movement
Re-founded: London, UK, April 2002
Org. goal: organisational goals are two fold as we are both an Indigenous Rights 
Movement and a pan-European Crusader Movement.
20-70 year plan: Seize political and military power in all Western European countries. 
Destroy and ban political Marxism/cultural Marxism (multiculturalism) as political 
concepts in Europe and drive out Islam for a third time.
Through military coups, overthrow all multiculturalist (cultural Marxist) regimes in 
Western Europe within the year 2100 and replace them with governments supervised by 
a “patriotic guardian tribunal” consisting of cultural conservatives/nationalists. The 
doctrines of multiculturalism (cultural Marxism) and Islam will be banned as a hate-
ideology. The traditional Western European model for constitutional democracy (mass-
democracy) will be reformed. Areas related to “security and culture” (immigration, 
security, cultural identity, traditions+) will be supervised by the guardian tribunal which 
has the right to veto. 
The rights of media companies, independent journalists and globalist companies to 
influence and shape politics will be considerably restricted. All media companies must 
reform and accept policies of affirmative action in order to ensure that at least 50% of 
journalists/editors - staff are cultural patriotic minded in order to create ideological 
balance (up from current day: 1%). 
Goals:
-
Phase 1 (1999-2030): Cell based shock attacks, sabotage attacks etc.
-
Phase 2 (2030-2070): Same as above but bigger cells/networks, armed militias
-
Phase 3 (2070-2100): Contribution with the effectuation of the coup and 
responsibilities in relation to security and executions of category A and B traitors.
Operational goals: P1: shock attacks, Execution of category A, B and C traitors 
(multiculturalists/cultural Marxists/suicidal humanists, capitalist globalists). Create 
favourable conditions for recruitment.
Foreign policy plan/territorial claims:
See compendium - 2083 
Societal goal: the Japanese, South Korean model (a monocultural but highly developed 
and progressive society), the model they once adopted from Europe.
Long term political goals - after the expulsion of Islam: create the “European 
Federation” (a decentralised EU with strong emphasis on national sovereignty, a new 
cultural conservative/nationalist (anti-Marxist) hegemony consisting of Russia, a liberated 
Europe and a liberated US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. 
Org. structure/leadership: de-centralised leadership structure - open source network, 
instead of a typical hierarchical structure. Leadership and responsibility is distributed 
through an open source network of self governing cells based on pre-defined principles. 
Each cell is organised by a self appointed voluntary cell commander (Justiciar Knight 
Commander) who commands up to 2 Justiciar Knight Operatives. Each cell is 
independent and autonomous and is not allowed to have direct contact with the founding 
members or other cell commanders/cell operatives. 
Org. marketing/recruitment: org. recruitment strategy: non-military 
“supporters/sympathisers” will distribute/develop the compendium: 2083 – A European 
Declaration of Independence or equivalent or use alternative methods. Censored or non-
censored versions may be distributed.
Org. ranks: There were 9 founding members from 8 different countries, names are kept 
confidential. Operative ranks: 
-
Justiciar Knight Commander: commander of a cell network 
-
Justiciar Knight Operative: operative of the cell under the authority of the 
commander
-
Overseer: civilian rank
Future ranks:
-
Overseer (Master for national leader, Grand Master for pan-European leader) – 
future civilian leader(s) in phase 1/2/3
-
National Grand Master Knight Commander: future non-military leader in phase 
2/3
-
Pan-European Grand Master Knight Commander: future pan-European military 
leader in phase 2/3
Requirements: must be a Christian, Christian agnostic or a Christian atheist. Even 
though the PCCTS, Knights Templar are an Indigenous Rights Organisation we do not 
have any racial requirements in order for an individual to become a Justiciar Knight. 
Org. presence: Primarily Western Europe, limited presence in the US and Eastern 
Europe. This may change in the future but will be limited to European 
territories/countries (US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa included).
Engagements: 
N/A

