# 3.21 7 Deadly mistakes to be avoided

> 原文页码: 835-835

3.21 7 Deadly mistakes to be avoided
1. Use single or duo cell system. Several larger hierarchical networks/groups have been 
uncovered and brought down in both Europe and the US due to crucial mistakes that 
could easily have been avoided. Typical mistakes can be affiliations with individuals on 
government watch-lists, if you add the people from your group on Facebook etc. If you 
even as much as give indications that you are up to something to people you know, you 
are incriminating them (and thus, indirectly putting pressure on them to turn you in). A 
few years ago a large military nationalist network was brought down in the US 
(consisting of around 100 people). There were clear evidence that the individuals were 
linked (evidence from informants, phone logs etc) and they all received harsh sentences. 
The most rational approach would have been to create 50-100 cells and cutting contact 
with each other completely (12-24 months prior to the assaults). Instead this group 
worked as one big cell which made them very vulnerable. One key informant could bring 
down the whole network. Obviously, you are immune to informants/treason if you work 
alone. 
2. The second mistake is inexperience. Assuming the enemy is stupid, underestimates 
the enemy's intelligence, thinks everything is easy and, as a result, leaves evidence that 
can lead to his apprehension. Because of his inexperience, he may also overestimate the 
resourcefulness of the enemy, believing them to be smarter than they really are. Allowing 
himself to be fooled by this presumption, he becomes intimidated and remains insecure 
and indecisive, paralyzed and lacking in audacity. 
3. The third mistake is to select an overwhelmingly protected individual as a target for 
assassination. 12 failed attempts on an extremely well protected individual could have 
alternatively been 12 successful attacks on lesser targets executing more than 50 
primary targets. Targets should be influential media personalities – multiculturalist 
politicians, journalists/editors, cultural Marxist professors, Marxist writers/artists, NGO 
leaders, globalist investors. Obviously, focus on individuals who does not have armed 
body guards.
4. The fourth mistake is to boast about the actions you have undertaken or is about to 
undertake and to broadcast them to the four winds. It is good to have a strong sense of 
purpose but if you are afflicted by an excessive need to feed your ego, you are likely to 
trust sensitive information to individuals who will sell you out. If you are desperate for 
attention and for “love/appreciation/compliments” you are likely to take un-necessary 
risks that will end in your incarceration. Do not involve your ego by boasting about your 
success, operation or entering into a “competition” with other patriots. As a Justiciar 
Knight, you are strictly prohibited from disclosing sensitive information to outsiders 
(whether they may sympathize with your core principles or not). I estimate that 
approximately 50% of all armed resistance fighters are are arrested and incarcerated 
before they even get the chance to execute their mission due to their incompetence in 
relation to their total lack of discretion.   
5. The fifth mistake is to overestimate your partners strength/conviction and to 
undertake actions for which you, as yet, lack sufficient equipment or competence.  
6. The sixth mistake is rash action. You lose patience, suffer an attack of nerves, do not 
wait for anything, and impetuously throw yourself into action, resulting in a failed 
operation. 

