# 3.22 Using terror as a method for waking up the masses – many of our people will hate us for it

> 原文页码: 836-836

7. The seventh mistake is to fail to plan things THOROUGHLY, and to act spontaneously. 
3.22 Using terror as a method for waking up the masses – many of our people 
will hate us for it
“During a time of change, the patriot is a scarce man. He is hated and scorned. When his 
cause succeeds however, the timid join him. For then it costs nothing to be a patriot. “
Mark Twain
You might remember the character from the first Matrix movie; somehow this character 
had been awoken from his “pod” where he was connected to a fantasy world, a software 
program. He didn’t like the reality he now faced as this involved suffering and a fight 
against the machines at terrible odds. He didn’t want to fight and he didn’t want to suffer. 
All he wanted was to be reconnected to his pod where he could live his old fantasy life 
again – disconnected from reality. The character went as far as cooperating with the 
machines and betrayed his own people, for the promise of being reconnected to his pod. 
He was simply unwilling to face reality and would even kill his own people to avoid 
confronting it. 
In a way, this is the mainstream European in 
a nutshell. Scores of the people we want to 
save from the ongoing European genocide do 
not want our help (or at least, believe they do 
not want our help). In fact, many of them 
would do everything in their power to avoid 
being confronted with reality. This explains 
very often why well meaning individuals who are trying to warn the people around them 
of an impending danger are condemned, ridiculed and even persecuted. It has become 
our, the brave few, thankless task to wake up the people from the “pods” and recruit 
them for the resistance movements of Europe. Unfortunately for us, human nature can 
very often be disadvantageous to us. Many people have adapted to this genocidal system 
and some have even indirectly accepted their fate. They accept that the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes are in the process of wiping out European identity, our 
cultures, traditions and even our nation states. Many are brainwashed to a degree where 
they will defend this extermination program with their very life. 
In order to wake up the masses, the only rational approach will be to make sure the 
current system implodes. This will cause a lot of short term pain; cut in welfare payouts, 
increased unemployment even starvation in extreme cases. The bulk of our people will 
refuse to join resistance movements because they feel they have too much to lose. They 
have invested several years and a lot of resources in long educations and most people 
have mortgages/loans which they have no choice but to attend to. Many receive 
exceptional government incentives to stay “loyal” to the system. All of these 
responsibilities and incentives cause a symbiosis between the victims (people) and the 
exterminator (regime) to a degree where we have a collective mass-scale “Stockholm 
syndrome” (sympathies and loyalty to captor). Our objective is to break these bonds and 
this can only be achieved through contributing to creating a scenario where the anti-
European hate ideology we wish to destroy perishes/implodes or dies from a thousand 
cuts. For every successful operation a new cut is applied and will contribute to this 

