# 3.23 The cruel nature of our operations

> 原文页码: 837-837

ideology’s demise. Wiping out Marxism in Europe will take us 30-70 years but we will 
succeed eventually. Every effort counts, have no doubt about that. 
As the system weakens gradually, the unemployment rate will rise and people will suffer 
short term. However, this is the only way we can create a situation where people will 
actually stand up for their opinions. We must break their symbiosis to their captor and 
many of the people we are trying to liberate will hate us for it. Nevertheless, it is the only 
way to destroy cultural Marxism in Western Europe and secure freedom to all Europeans. 
  
3.23 The cruel nature of our operations
“We do not want to do this, but we are left no choice.”
The 3-phase-process of destroying and replacing the current cultural Marxist/ 
multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe will not be easy or painless. Keep in mind that 
these regimes we are fighting have and are still committing genocide against the 
indigenous peoples of Europe by exposing them to more than 25 million Muslims. They 
have indirectly killed more than 15 000 Europeans, raped more than 500 000 European 
women, robbed and terrorised more than 4,5 million Europeans, fired more than 37 000 
cultural conservatives from their jobs and incarcerated more than 150 000 brothers and 
sisters for opposing their policies. 
As a Justiciar Knight you are operating as a jury, judge and executioner on behalf of all 
free Europeans. Never forget that it is not only your right to act against the tyranny of 
the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites of Europe, it is your duty to do so.
There are situations in which cruelty is necessary, and refusing to apply necessary cruelty 
is a betrayal of the people whom you wish to protect. 
The preferred method is to attack in a violent and deceptive form (shock attack), usually 
with limited forces (1-2 individuals).
Once you decide to strike, it is better to kill too many than not enough, or you risk 
reducing the desired ideological impact of the strike. Explain what you have done (in an 
announcement distributed prior to operation) and make certain that everyone 
understands that we, the free peoples of Europe, are going to strike again and again. Do 
not apologise, make excuses or express regret for you are acting in self-defence or in a 
preemptive manner. In many ways, morality has lost its meaning in our struggle. The 
question of good and evil is reduced to one simple choice. For every free patriotic 
European, only one choice remains: Survive or perish. Some innocent will die in our 
operations as they are simply at the wrong place at the wrong time. Get used the idea. 
The needs of the many will always surpass the needs of the few.

