# 3.24 Principle of Proportionality

> 原文页码: 838-838

3.24 Principle of Proportionality
The principle of proportionality should be adhered to by those carrying out the armed 
struggle against the multiculturalist elites of Europe. This means that we should under 
normal (optimal) circumstances not exceed (per 2010) aprox. 
45 000 dead and 1 million wounded cultural Marxists/multiculturalists in Western Europe. 
The numbers reflect the equivalent number of victims they, themselves, have on their 
conscience, the results they have inflicted on their own populations due to 
implementation of the EU’s Eurabia project/European multiculturalism. If you include the 
total amount of Serb soldiers that died due to the NATO attacks, the numbers will be 
higher. In addition, approximately 10 000-20 000 Europeans have been killed in Northern 
Africa, Rhodesia and South Africa due to the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist post-1950 
policies. The total number of Europeans the “category A and B traitors” of Western 
Europe have killed are totalling approximately 100 000 based on these estimates. If you 
include wider parameters (such as Christian Maronites, Copts, Azyrians) the numbers will 
range in the hundreds of thousands. Western European regimes chose to ignore the call 
from one of our protectorates (Christian Lebanon) and tens of thousands died (and are 
still dying) as a result. If we include global Jihadi genocides of Christians, such as in 
Sudan (where the Western European regimes have refused to assist the call of our 
Christian allies due to appeasement of the Islamic regimes) the numbers will range in the 
millions.
End note: Many conservatives (especially Christian conservatives), however, would insist 
that the total number of aborted individuals are added as well as direct casualties of the 
cultural Marxist ideology which totals aprox: 2 million + individuals in Western Europe 
since the beginning of 1950 until today.

