# 3.25 Funding your operation

> 原文页码: 839-840

Planning the operation
“Violence is the mother of change.”
The following suggestions should be considered before the planning phase of any 
operation is initiated. 
3.25 Funding your operation
Certain individuals will already have enough capital to fund an operation. 10 000–20 000 
Euro would be sufficient for assassinations/executions of key category A or B traitors. The 
range of funds needed varies from 10 000 - 200 000 Euro (depending on the nature of 
the operation). Here are a few guidelines if you are completely broke or even indebted:
12 months of hard work (sales and marketing) would allow you to save approximately 
30 000-50 000 Euro in many Western European countries. Furthermore, you will be able 
to apply for various credit and loan arrangements (credit cards or other long term/short 
term credit solutions) netting you from 20 000-100 000 Euro. This should be sufficient 
for any low to medium scale operation. Keep in mind that additional funds would give you 
more leeway and allow for more operational flexibility. 
The 9/11 operations cells (12 individuals) were reported to have required somewhere 
between $400 000 and $500 000 in operating funds.
If criminal activities is the only available option for you, know this; It is politically and 
strategically justifiable to ”expropriate” resources if it finances the armed struggle. This 
the primary factor that separates urban guerrillas from common criminals. Criminals rob 
for their own benefit while an urban resistance guerrilla expropriate in order to serve his 
people and country.  
Be creative
You can also attempt to get funding from financially privileged sympathisers in your 
country. Present related projects (a book project or your plan to create a youth 
movement related to Cultural Conservatism, anti-Jihad movement). Create a business 
plan. Be very clear about your non-violent means while at the same time sending the 
necessary signals. An alternative would be to organise a fund raiser against global Jihad 
(to the victims of Jihad etc). The point of this façade is to have proper justification to 
collect funds from sympathisers and at the same time send the correct signals (we want 
your financial aid to the resistance movement) without incriminating him/her/them in any 
way by revealing too much. If he is a sympathiser he will support your “peaceful project”, 
or he will reject it. At least 10% of capitalists sympathise with the cause to a degree 
where they will agree to fund/contribute financially to your project/fund raiser. It may be 
required to organise a fund raising organisation by creating a company in a tax haven. 
Research various tax havens that offer the required security and anonymity. There are 
more than 100 tax havens around the world, although it’s critical to understand that only 
7 of them are actually secure enough (and the list is shrinking from year to year).
A short guide to maximising your credit (credit cards, loans)
I must admit I was quite concerned when starting on this aspect of the planning phase. 
How can I apply for various credit cards if I have spent the last three years writing a 
book with no steady income whatsoever?
After some research into this issue I concluded that getting normal loans was out of the 
question as I did not fulfil the minimum required demands (official tax records from 
previous year indicating a high income, real estate etc). This would be an option for 
individuals who have real estate or people who can document at least a stable income. 
Getting credit cards seemed to be the only alternative for me and I would have to be 
creative as these requirements are also quite strict. I had 60 000 Euro but wanted an 
additional reserve credit of at least 20 000 Euro as a safety buffer. On May 2009 I started 
a company and transferred the first “salary to myself” and created documentation on 
behalf of the company supporting this. My intention was to create the necessary 
documentation to get at least a minimum of credit. 
Step 1 – create a foundation if required: Create a company - transfer funds from 
your personal account to your business account - transfer the first monthly amount (say 
3000 Euro on May 15th) according to the Norwegian system you deduct the tax (35-50%) 
and vacation funds (aprox 10%) before transferring the rest of the amount (the actual 
salary) to the individual).
June 15th – transfer second amount
July 15th – third payment
August 15th – fourth payment
You now have supporting data (verifiable bank transactions) to create the required 
documentation (salary documentation for four months). You’re now ready to start the 
application process to various companies.
Step 2 - mapping: By now you should have already created an overview of various 
providers of credit cards in your country. I identified aprox 20 various companies. 
Identify who these companies are using as their primary bank. F example Bank x might 
use several different sub companies to market different cards, but they will have the 
same credit department. Avoid sending multiple applications to the same company 
(credit department) as this will cause suspicion and may have all your applications 
rejected.
Out of the 25 different credit cards I managed to trace them back to twelve actual 
providers.
The problem now was that a great majority of them only had online procedure forms. 
These online application templates would most certainly result in little success as they 
use data from last year as the main criteria.
Step 3 – application process: I applied online to twelve and sent physical applications 
with supporting documentation to four providers. 
As anticipated, ten of the online applications were rejected as many of them didn’t even 
have a comment field. However, all you have to do is contact the credit department of 
the various companies and forward the supporting documentation.

