# 3.26 Avoiding suspicion from relatives, neighbours and friends

> 原文页码: 841-842

Overview result: 16 applications sent, 7 decline (even after the supporting 
documentation was provided) – 9 approved.
Total credit gained (including the credit card I already had): 26 000 Euro.
It was more than I expected to get considering the fact that I had a weak platform to 
acquire from. This credit will serve as a buffer amount/emergency funds in the later 
phase of the operation if needed.
A person who can verify a stable salary of f example 70 000 Euro can get up to 240 000 
Euro in credit/loans based on this level of salary alone, even more if you have real 
estate.
As a general rule, aprox 15-50% of operational funds should be credit, not more. This 
should be used if needed as a last recourse as you only have around 30-60 days before 
they (the companies) will start to implement various measures to acquire their funds 
back if you miss payments. You can of course max your limit on the various cards and 
administrate the payments so that it is somewhat financially synchronised with the final 
operation date. Also, be sure to double check the legislation concerning credit card debt 
in your country and ensure that it will not be transferred to your loved ones (wife, kids) 
in case of death or incarceration. 
Estimated funds required for high quality equipment
Armour, weapons and ammo: 7 000 – 30 000 Euro
Explosives materials: 5 000 – 100 000 Euro
Other logistics/transport/lodging: 3 000 – 20 000 Euro
Total amount spent in the planning + creation of book
Aprox 240 000 Euro, 140 000 for the creation of the compendium and approximately 
140 000 Euro for the operation. 
3.26 Avoiding suspicion from relatives, neighbours and friends
Present a ”credible project/alibi” to your friends, co-workers and family. Announce to 
your closest friends, co-workers and family that you are pursuing a ”project” that can at 
least partly justify your ”new pattern of activities” (isolation/travel) while in the planning 
phase. 
F example, tell them that you have started to play World of Warcraft or any other online 
MMO game and that you wish to focus on this for the next months/year. This ”new 
project” can justify isolation and people will understand somewhat why you are not 
answering your phone over long periods. Tell them that you are completely hooked on 
the game (raiding dungeons etc). Emphasise to them that this is a dream you have had 
since you were a kid. If they stress you, insist and ask them to respect your decision. You 
will be amazed on how much you can do undetected while blaming this game. If your 
planning requires you to travel, say that you are visiting one of your WoW friends, or 
better yet, a girl from your ”guild” (who lives in another country). No further questions 
will be raised if you present these arguments. 
Blaming WoW is also quite strategic due to another factor. It is usually considered ”tabu” 
or even shameful in our society today to be hooked on an MMO. By revealing ”this 
secret” to your close ones you are therefore (to them at least) entrusting them with your 
innermost secret. Usually they will ”contribute” to keeping this secret for you which can 
be very beneficial. (If people from your ”secondary” social circle ask them they will even 
usually ”lie” on your behalf (giving you alibi), in order to keep your MMO project a secret. 
Avoid exposing your political conviction
Appear politically correct or at least moderate, dress normally. Try to limit your rhetorical 
activities. Avoid excessive forum posting. Excessive forum activity might get you 
”flagged” by your national government. 
How to use social taboos to prevent individuals close to you from digging too 
much or ask too many questions - AND how to easily manipulate them into 
assisting you in protecting your cover from everyone else without them having 
the slightest clue what is going on 
Using social taboos is an extremely effective method from preventing people who know 
you well from digging too much or ask too many questions about your activities that 
weekend or that year. It is also an extremely effective method for manipulating them into 
protecting your cover.
Long term covers:
•
Say you play WoW (World of Warcraft) or another MMO and have developed an addiction 
for it. Say that are going to play hardcore for the rest of the year and it is no point trying to 
convince you otherwise. Inform them that you will be busy doing that in the future etc. Tell 
them that you are ashamed of it and you don’t want to talk any more about it. Make them 
swear to not tell anyone! (you just effectively prevented any more questions from that 
person AND made the individual assist you in protecting your cover from everyone else)
•
Say you think you are gay and are in the process of discovering your new self and that you 
don’t want to talk any more about this issue. Tell them that you are ashamed of it and you 
don’t want to talk any more about it. Make them swear to not tell anyone!  (your ego is 
likely to take a dent unless you are secure in your own heterosexuality, because they  will 
actually believe you are gay. However, it’s an extremely effective strategy for stopping 
questions and prevent people from digging in your life when you don’t want them to.
Short term covers:
•
If you need a credible cover, when going abroad for a weekend etc. and the individuals you 
are trying to convince are too closely related to you to buy into any BS about a “conference 
cover etc); say you are going to a massage parlour or brothel abroad. Tell them that you 
are ashamed of it and you don’t want to talk any more about it. Make them swear to not 
tell anyone!  
These are all cynical and manipulative strategies but extremely effective. Lying to and 
manipulating other people is generally a bad thing and should be avoided if possible. 
However, the severity of our operation often requires us to be cynical, manipulative and 
pragmatical. We don’t have to like it, but we occasionally have to do it.

