# 3.28 Anti-monitoring routines

> 原文页码: 843-844

3.27 Avoid ending up on watch lists
There are certain steps you can take in order to make it very hard for the National 
Intelligence Agency to monitor you. 
Obviously, the best approach is to avoid ending up on their watch list all together.
They may have you on a watch list already and might even monitor some of your 
activities (internet/cell phone traffic). This will likely be the case if you have been 
involved in right wing activities in the past and are considered a threat against the 
establishment. 
Avoid using channels they can monitor for activities involving planning of the operation. 
Use alias’s when corresponding while doing research. Use software which masks your IP 
address and other technology while researching via the internet (f example the Tor 
network, anonymize.net or Ipredator). Be extra careful when researching for bomb 
schematics (fertiliser bombs) as many terms will trigger electronic alerts. You can 
consider using other people’s networks remotely via laptop by parking outside their 
apartment/house. You can also buy an anonymous laptop and browse free from your 
local Mc Donalds etc. Use software to remove spy ware, cookies etc. 
Before you start planning an operation use the following guidelines:
No email correspondence, phone activity that might incriminate you or reveal any 
information of relevance.
The most essential aim is to avoid ending up on any watch list. 
3.28 Anti-monitoring routines
Quick list
1.
Mobile phone. Turn it off or they can triangulate your position anywhere. Certain phones 
are possible to monitor even when turned off even if you take out the battery (they have 
internal batteries for certain functions). 
2.
Surfing/email. Treat it as if you know it will be monitored. It’s rarely a safe method to use if 
you want anonymity even if you use the draft box in your email account to communicate 
with someone. Alternatively, create a more secure email account (hushmail or any service 
which offer a greater degree of anonymity) while using Tor network (masking your IP). 
Alternatives to Tor are anonymize.net or Ipredator. It’s an annoying but necessary process 
as Tor makes your connection very slow, and you have to make sure it’s always on when 
you log in to your email or each time you research sensitive topics. I usually use Mozilla 
Firefox for Tor and Internet Explorer for normal surfing. Consider acquiring an unregistered 
laptop and surf while using LAN stations outside your home (many Mc Donald’s or other 
service shops offer free wireless LAN which you can tap into outside their premises while 
sitting in your car. Just remember that if you use an unregistered and anonymous laptop 
for this purpose then remember that you must never use it for purposes that may reveal 
your identity at a later point. 
3.
Facebook, treat this channel as if you know it will be monitored. 
4.
European toll stations. Many European countries/cities have toll stations where you pay a 
small fee to pass. Some of these will film/photograph your car and even the driver. This 
varies but in some cases this data will be archived for as long as 10 years allowing the 
intelligence agency to back trace activity and movement patterns. 
5.
Travelling. Be sure to have a credible reason for travelling (memorise details about 
congresses, museums, names of certain institutions etc.) or bring brochures that you 
printed from the net. There are always plenty of congresses or exhibitions every week in 
European major cities. Consider joining specific Facebook groups – interest 
areas/congresses/exhibitions prior to trip to increase the credibility of your “alibi” f 
example. 
6.
Never use credit cards while travelling abroad, always use cash. Ensure that you provide 
the correct currency before you leave and bring 20-30% more than your estimate using.
7.
Using your network. As a general rule. You will increase your chance of being apprehended 
by 100% for every person you involve. Don’t trust anyone unless you absolutely need to 
(which should never be the case). Do absolutely everything yourself.  
8.
If you are in the middle of a WMD “acquiring phase” relating to components needed for a 
bomb (fertiliser etc), then divide the “acquiring phase into five sub phases in the following 
order: 
•
Primary explosive phase
•
Fertiliser phase
•
Nitromethane/jet fuel/diesel phase
•
Remote detonator/timer detonator device phase
•
Transportation (renting trucks/vans – you don’t initiate this sub phase until 1 week 
before the operation)
You don’t start the separate phases until you are completely done with each sub-phase. 
You DO NOT initiate two or more phases at the same time! You always start with the 
hardest part – the acquisition of TNT/dynamite/semtex or similar substances, then move 
on to the next phase. The first sub-phase consists of acquiring TNT/dynamite. As soon as 
you have acquired f example 100-500 kg you secure it and bury it in an underground 
cache at a unique and remote location.
You can THEN initiate the fertiliser phase. When you are done acquiring enough fertiliser 
(2-5 tons) you secure it/seal it from moisture and bury it at a safe and DIFFERENT 
location (preferably in an underground cache). After that sub-phase is completed you can 
start on acquiring nitro or jet fuel. If you are unable to acquire these substances than 
just use diesel. If the intelligence agency receives intel about your activities during any of 
the sub-phases they will strike when they know there is an orgy of evidence available. By 
dividing the acquisition phase into sup-phases this will make it a lot more difficult for 
them should they ever receive any intel about you. Also, you should establish covers for 
each sub phase. F example, as you collect fertiliser you should have a business plan and 
a credible cover which will confirm that you are using the fertiliser for a harvest. You will 
need to create a business plan where you describe exactly how you are going to use the 

