# 3.29 How to stay motivated for longer periods – perform a daily mental check

> 原文页码: 845-849

fertiliser (obviously, choose a type of crop for your cover that you know will require a 
maximum amount of fertiliser and acquire it during the beginning of the season not to 
avoid triggering “red flags”). Renting/leasing a small farm area (this farm house can also 
be used as your acquisition HQ) will strengthen the credibility of your cover for that sub 
phase. Equivalent covers should be established for each sub phase. F example, you 
should have a business plan for a small mineral exploration company (mineral exploration 
– blasting/drilling) before you start/attempt acquiring TNT. It is essential that your cover 
is credible enough to withstand potential scrutiny. Create and establish a company, 
create a business plan, create business cards, an internet site etc. Remember, you don’t 
need to re-invent the wheel here. Just cannibalise any available business plan on the 
topic as many are available on the field of “mineral exploration”. Rinse and repeat using 
these principles during the various sub phases relating to acquisition as it may be your 
“get out of jail free card” should someone ever receive any intel about you. Creating 
credible covers is an essential part of “acquisition management”. 
3.29 How to stay motivated for longer periods – perform a daily mental check
“A man does what he must - in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and 
dangers and pressures - and that is the basis of all human morality. “
Winston Churchill
Being a Justiciar Knight is not for everyone. You are normally required to plan absolutely 
everything alone; fight alone to see your mission through and you are likely to die alone 
with half of your city’s system protectors hunting you. However, I have never in my life 
felt that I have done anything more meaningful than what I am doing now regardless of 
the lack of moral support from my founding brothers or other armed resistance fighters. 
Support from our extremely distributed and anonymous “non-hierarchy” out there would 
be nice but I have managed to cope through mental discipline to become what I am 
today; a self driven and highly effective manifestation of an independent resistance cell. I 
have managed to stay focused and highly motivated for a duration of more than 9 years 
now. I feel really happy about my current course. In fact, I have never been happier than 
I am today and I do not find it problematical hide my true ideological agenda from 
everyone else. To all I know I am a moderate right-winger and not a resistance fighter. It 
isn’t easy to reach this level of mental comfort and focus while at the same time working 
on something so important and serious. You have to overcome difficult initial 
psychological challenges and perform a slight subsequent mental check every single day 
until the operation is complete. This shouldn’t be underestimated as it is perhaps the 
most important aspect of being a part of an “open-source resistance network” where you 
rely on being able to motivate yourself. Embracing martyrdom is not something you 
suddenly decide to do, but it is a process that takes time and requires effort and self 
contemplation. This is a factor that a majority of resistance fighters ignore and is why a 
majority of novices become de-motivated after a certain period. They are not doing what 
is required of them due to lack of training, knowledge and eventually lose the will to fight 
due to lack of motivation.  I do a mental check almost every day through meditation and 
philosophising. I simulate/meditate while I go for a walk, playing my Ipod in my 
neighbourhood. This consists of a daily 40 minute walk while at the same time 
philosophising ideologically/performing self indoctrination and the mental simulation of 
the operation while listening to motivational and inspiring music. I simulate various 
future scenarios relating to resistance efforts, confrontations with police, future 
interrogation scenarios, future court appearances, future media interviews etc. or I 
philosophise about certain articles in the book. This daily mental exercise or ritual keeps 
me fully motivated and charges my batteries. And I’m sure it can work for other people 
as well.  
Learning the ability/rituals to motivate yourself and being able to follow this ritual on a 
daily basis is perhaps the most essential aspect of our armed resistance effort in phase 1. 
One of the reasons why Muslims are so effective at guerrilla warfare is that they keep 
themselves motivated by praying five times a day and reciting motivational Suras from 
the Quran.
This might sound appalling and outrageous to especially some Christian religious 
members of the revolutionary conservative resistance fighters but certain measures can 
and should be taken to balance/revitalise your psychological state of mind in situations 
when you feel completely de-motivated and down during the various planning phases. At 
the end of the day; you are your own worst enemy, and de-motivation leading to 
psychological breakdown and eventually to a scenario where a resistance fighter chooses 
to abandon the ideological cause is one of the most recurrent causes for individuals who 
lacks competence in revitalising and balancing his psychological state of mind. 
It is absolutely essential that you, as a conservative revolutionary learn and practice 
efficient rituals and various methods to maintain high moral and motivation. It is 
permitted and even encouraged that you seek whatever solutions that works for you 
including enjoying good food, sexual stimuli, meditation and any and all methods that will 
contribute to keep your moral and motivation up.  
From a pragmatical point of view; these methods are considered as a quite efficient 
psychological stimulus which has the potency to boost your serotonin production and help 
you overcome any situation where you feel drained, scared, insecure, confused or de-
motivated. As overcoming continuous and often daily personal psychological barriers is at 
the very core of our challenges, using these tactical psychological methods and similar 
approaches should be considered an integral part of the planning phases to ensure that 
you remain in a balanced state of mind. A balanced state of mind (especially for single or 
duo cells) is required for any military operation which last over a longer period. You may 
be prevented from communicating and receiving a much needed “pat on the back” or 
encouraging comments from other cell members as you may be in a single or duo cell, 
relying on your own self-encouraging measures. Ensuring that you maintain a stable, 
motivated and focused mind is anything but absurd. Yes, for certain religious members, 
certain measures are obviously in violation to biblical teachings but the amount of grace 
and divine goodwill generated at the point where you sacrifice everything (in the 
martyrdom operation) will provide you with an abundance of it, which will more than 
nullify any minor or serious sins committed prior to operation.  
How to sustain your high morale and motivation for years through music
Becoming and maintaining the position as a self sufficient Justiciar Knight sleeper cell involves the 
capability to motivate/indoctrinate yourself over a prolonged period of time. Self-financed and self-
indoctrinated single individual attack cells, is the backbone of the Knights Templar Europe. The 
importance of the ability for single cell commanders to be able to keep their spirits and morale up 
through self-indoctrination and motivation by using specific motivational techniques has been 
stressed on multiple occasions.
I have previously stated that taking long walks/work out while listening to select music is a very 
efficient way of sustaining your needs in this regard. 3-5, 40-90 min walks/workouts per week has 
sustained my high morale, confidence and motivation for several years. When you combine this 
“ritual” with reading the occasional resistance blog you gain all the motivation you will ever need. 
Repeat these routines on a weekly basis and you will sustain your motivation and moral for as long 
as is needed. Keep in mind that from the initial planning of your operation to the actual effectuation 
of it, the time passed can exceed 2 years. The key to stay focused and motivated without taking 
the unacceptable risk of communicating with other revolutionary conservatives, is to employ 
successful motivational techniques on your own.
I will now show you several music tracks you should acquire as soon as possible which are ideal for 
the purpose of maintaining a high level of motivation and confidence:
Motivational music tracks, artist: Saga
Saga is a courageous, Swedish, female nationalist-oriented musician who creates pop-music with 
patriotic texts. She is, as far as I know, the best and most talented patriotic musician in the English 
speaking world. And for those of you, like myself, who hates “metal”, Saga is one of the few 
sources available that offers quality patriotic pop-music with brilliant texts. Most of the tracks are in 
English and some are in Swedish. 
Marxist and multiculturalist character-assassins will claim that Saga is an evil, national-socialist 
monsterband from hell, due to her success. However, this characteristic couldn’t be anywhere 
further from the truth. Although the environment surrounding Saga, the former NSF – National 
Sosialistisk Forening (a former Swedish Indigenous Rights Movement demonised as “evil Nazi 
monsters”), used to be self-proclaimed national socialists; it has become evident that most of them 
now has embraced a more national conservative ideological denomination of conservatism, very 
similar to that of Knights Templar Europe. Saga has created several pop-tracks with nationalist-
oriented texts that will appeal to all conservatives, and especially revolutionary conservatives of all 
conservative ideological denominations. 
Saga has the credibility to use the texts presented vocally as she has been a Swedish and 
European conservative resistance fighter for more than 10 years, working for the political and 
cultural interests of Sweden and the interests of all Swedes, Scandinavians and Europeans. Saga 
and similar patriotic heroes and heroines of Scandinavia, who unlike individuals like myself who has 
yet to come out of the “revolutionary conservative closet”, has had to face political persecution and 
demonisation for years. Yet they continue their brave struggle to prevent the demographical and 
cultural genocide of the Scandinavian and European tribes. Instead of “physical” revolutionary or 
democratic resistance, she fights through her music by inspiring the best in us.
I discovered Sagas music relatively late, in 2008, but have enjoyed it ever since. I have listened to 
many of the tracks several hundred times and I don’t seem to get tired of them. I would HIGHLY 
recommend that all Justiciar Knights of Europe and other revolutionary conservatives use these 
tracks for self-motivating purposes. Don’t just listen to the tracks but learn the texts as well. It has 
worked brilliantly for me and it will likely work just as well for you. However, “soon-to-become 
conservative martyrs” should be careful when acquiring the tracks (use anonymizer software and 
take other necessary precautions) as it is likely that the distribution of the music is monitored by 
the Swedish intelligence agency, under directive of the Swedish multiculturalist regime.
Below are the best tracks with comment from the albums: Pro Patria III (PP) and: On My Own 
(OMO). Some lyrics are created 
The best vocal English tracks: 
One Nation Arise (OMO)
Life is a struggle in these changing times
Thoughts once natural now classed as hate crimes
Those now in power they fear no one but one
a man with open eyes and a sober mind so strong
It's been said before - but still we do not heed...no!
 
To free the enslaved minds of the sleeping mass
W e must cast away the yokes ignore status and class
Barriers were built to make us forget blood ties
And now we aren't as one and egos benefits on lies
It's been said before - but still we do not heed!
 
Folk and Nation first - and blood not personal greed.
And it's been said before - but still we do not heed.
Free your enslaved minds and open up your eyes and see!
The strength of your people - one Nation arise!
 
It is good versus evil it's the eternal fight
To overcome the darkness we must spreed the light
It's been said before - but still we do not heed!
 
Chorus
 
Life is a struggle in these changing times
Thoughts once natural now classed as hate crimes.
It's been said before - but still we do not heed!
 
Chorus: repeat x3
Hypocrite (OMO)
Too many people spend their time spreading gozzips and complaints
They seek someone to hang, they seek someone to blame
In their search for a scapegoat they forgot to look in the mirror
Apathy of weak people is what caused this daily horror
You’re the one the one to blame oh
People like you cause us pain oh
You’re the one the one to blame
Start to act but use your brain
People like you who haven’t got the guts to stand up for your views
You forget the simple fact it’s people like you who makes us loose
You complain about the politicians but still you vote them in
You’ve lost your soul you co ward to sell your pride is a sin
Chorus
You complain about the immigration you really make me sick
It was your vote that opened the border you filthy hypocrite
You say one thing but do another just how weak can one man be
You’re the reason for our misery so blame yourself and don’t blame me
Chorus x2
Black Bannered Legion (OMO)
Raise the flag of solid black to keep the memory alive
Of black clad legions who fought and died for our folk in forty-five
Black is the colour of mourning for the martyrs of Vinland too
Mathews and Kirk and Singer and Rockwell and Kahl stood true
Raise the flag of destiny as black as the wing of a raven
And change it not nor raise another ‘til we have a folkish haven
Raise the flag of destiny...the flag of destiny!
Black is the colour of midnight which the tyrant shall learn to dread
As we honour fallen martyrs with steel and fire and lead
The ancient Aryan symbol is also drawn in black
So underneath that colour we will take our nations back
Chorus
And when we have that land of our own then on that holy ground
We’ll plant our flag of raven black upon a sacred mound
Chorus x2
Ode To A Dying People (OMO, the most popular of the tracks)
Eyes shining bright with unspilled tears
Thinking about all those waisted years,
When everything worth living for is gone,
And brother I find it hard to keep fighting on
Falling down towards the abyss, the abyss
The reaper embraces me with his kiss
It makes me want to refuse to care, refuse to care
To watch this all unfold to much to bare
If this is the way it ends, if this is the way my race ends
If this is the way it ends, I can’t bare to witness
If this is the way it ends, if this is the way my race ends
If this is the way it ends, I can’t bare to witness-oh!
Disease encroaching on all I hold dear
Somehow I gotta get my soul outta here
Heart of agony, faint burning hope
I'm finding it hard to try to cope
The cause liars own the world with conquering poise, conquering poise
In a wasteland of meaningless noise
We don't stand a chance with the dormant pride, with the dormant pride
The heroes of our race have already died
Chorus
To imagine it has all come down to this
Apathy and suicidal bliss
It's all over except for the cryin'
With a whimper instead of the roar of a lion
The greatest race to ever walk the earth, walk the earth
Dying a slow death with insane mirth
The tomb has been prepared, our race betrayed, our race betrayed
White man, fight the flight towards the grave
Choru x2
Don’t let it end this way, don’t let it end this way
Don’t let it end this way, I can’t bare to witness
The Nation’s Fate (OMO)
The best are condemned to useless lives
When chaos regimes and the merchant thrieves
The basest sort then make sport
Of those who die with anguished cry
Because they told the nation's fate
Gods of the rabble are greed and lust
Love and honour turned to dust
Patriots in cages and liars as sages
The tyrants rage in every age
Black is white and evil is good
And nothing pure is understood
Emotions grow cold and the future is sold
The senses are sated and the prophets are hated
Because they told the nation's fate
Chorus
The state and the press and the church are a tool
An honest man is labled a fool
Every man must abase
Every kin and every race
Or face the fearsome despots plan
To destroy every man
The whores of merchant pave the road to hell
Twisting words to weave a spell
Master deceivers making believers
Misleading men with a cunning pen
To hate those who tell the Nations Fate
Chorus
Tomorrow Belongs To Me
The sun on the meadow is summery warm.
The stag in the forest runs free.
But gather together to greet the storm.
Tomorrow belongs to me.
Tomorrow belongs to me.
The branch of the linden is leafy and
Green,
The Rhine gives its gold to the sea.
But somewhere a glory awaits unseen.
Tomorrow belongs to me.
Tomorrow belongs to me.
The babe in his cradle is closing his eyes
The blossom embraces the bee.
But soon, says a whisper;
"Arise, arise,
Tomorrow belongs to me"
Oh Fatherland, Fatherland,
Show us the sign
Your children have waited to see.
The morning will come
When the world is mine.
Tomorrow belongs to me!
The Snow Fell
He sat in a room
in a square of the color of blood.
He'd rule the whole world
if there was a way that he could.
He'd sit and he'd stare
at the minarets on top of the to wers.
For he was a beast
as he hatched his new plans to gain power.
(chorus)
And the snow fell
covering the dreams and ideals.
And the snow fell
freezing the blood and the wheels.
And the snow fell
they had to keep up for survival.
And the snow fell
defeating the beast's only rival.
They took the old roads
that Napoleon had taken before.
They fought as a force as a light
against the darkness in a holy war.
One day they were looking around
and the sun was shining on the cold flowers.
The next day they were freezing to death
in the sleet and the ice cold sho wers.
(chorus)
Then came the deadly roads
back from the stairs of their retreat.
The cold racked their bodies
but worse was the pain of defeat.
Many people who had hailed them once
now turned and looked away.
These people now knew
that the beast was on its way.
(chorus)
You finally came back
to the borders of your fatherland.
No w enemies came
traitors everywhere at hand.
Many people who had fought and died
knowing that they had to win.
It still sickens my heart
to see the picture of the red flag in Berlin.
(chorus)
The best vocal Swedish tracks (For Norwegians, Swedes and Danes): 
Valkyrian (PP)
Där själar krigar, där själar faller
Av vikingar som lystrade till kallet
Fallen är nu krigaren, vikingen från Nord
Marken färgas röd av hans spillda blod
Fallen är nu krigaren, vikingen från Nord
Marken färgas röd av hans spillda blod
Jag är Valkyrian som ska ta dig hem
Krigare, skänk din styrka till de som kämpar än
 
Jag flyger över Skandinavien, dag som natt
Tar hem de krigare som faller döda ner
Ingen smärta känner dom någonsin mer
Chorus
Yttrandefrihet (PP)
Att få säga fritt sin mening
Vad den än må vara
Att få tänka fria tankar
Och att själv få svara
Sverige vakna upp nu!
Kampen ska ta vid
För yttrandefriheten
Blåser vi nu till strid!
Hets mot folkgrupp kallas
Den lag ni slår oss med
Då ni smider oss med hammaren,
Mot mångkulturens städ
Grundlagen förnekas
Och väger mycket lätt,
Då ockupanter och förrädare
I Sverige skipar rätt
Chorus x3
Krigarens Själ (PP)
Hans kropp är trött och hungrig men han får aldrig ro
Han har vigt sitt liv åt kampen, kampen som är hans tro
Törsten efter frihet tänder eldar i hans själ
Ty krigaren söker frihet och vägrar att bli träl
Tapper - med hundra lejons mod
Svensk - med det renaste blod
Stolt - Aldrig bli en träl
Krigare - med en själ
Han kämpar för sanning, och frihet åt hans folk
Aldrig ger han upp, utan står för evigt stolt
Fienden är mäktiga, men ändå står han kvar
Modet är hans säkrade tron i hjältarnas sal
Svenskars land och folk är vad han strider för
Han vägrar se på hur sanningen sakta dör
Chorus x2
Han ger allt för sin kamp, för blod och ära
Aldrig skall han på förlustens tunga ok bära
Viker aldrig av som en feg hund från sina led
Hans namn ristas i runor, svensken som alltid stred
Chorus x2
Frihetens Fana (PP)
Se nu svenskar mot framtiden så ny
Se nu svenskar när morgondagen åter gry
Vårt land reser sig ännu en gång
Svenskar ska åter sjunga frihetens sång
Frihetens fana, svenska ungdomen nu bär
Frihetens fana, för en nation vi håller kär
Ungdomen tar täten mot en ny horisont
Den blågula fanan skall leda vår front
Den vajar i vinden, så fritt och stolt
Svea Rikes fana, symbolen för vårt folk
Chorus x2
Vårt älskade land, vår älskade fosterjord
Där förfäder en gång spillde sitt blod
Deras namn är evigt ristade i frihetens sten
De kämpade och dog för att hålla marken ren
Chorus x4
Drömmarnas Stig (PP) – my personal favourite 
Tvungen att vandra i pinande motvind
Dömd att leva i samhällets skugga
Ständigt förljugen av maktens språkrör
Och föraktad av gemene man
Vore det inte simpelt att bara blunda
Att avvika från våra drömmars stig?
Vore det inte en befrielse att glömma
Att avsvära sig folksjälens plikt?
När folk du litat på vänder dig ryggen
Och ansluter sig till massans slummer
När män från början bundna av lojalitet
Splittras och förblindas av guldets makt
Chorus
Detta skall ses som en prövningarnas fas
Ödets verktyg att sålla bort veklingar
Kampens styrka kommer av offervilja
Vår urgrund står på övertygelse
Chorus
Tvungen att vandra i pinande motvind
Dömd att leva i samhällets skugga
Ständigt förljugen av maktens språkrör
Och föraktad av gemene man
Chorus
Känner du dig då manad till strid?
Låt dig själv aldrig tvivla på seger!
Låt aldrig den nationella lågan fallna
Må den sätta Svea Rikes själar i brand
The above are the best tracks from Saga. I ignored the tracks I consider lacking or due to them 
being unavailable.
From site: thisissaga.com
Other artists:
Lux Aeterna by the English composer and musician Clint Mansell
Comment: I love this work. Lux Aeterna means “eternal light” and it really is an appropriate title. 
I’ve listened to this track several hundred times and I never seem to get tired of it. The track is 
very inspiring and invokes a type of passionate rage within you. In Lord of the Rings – a good 
version of this track (Requiem for a Tower version which I think is the best) is performed during the 
most intense fighting of one of the central battles. Since it has worked for me, it is likely that it will 
work for you. An invigorating piece of art.
Motivational music tracks, artist: Helene Bøksle
The following is Helene Bøksle`s - Age of Conan theme music. Three of the tracks surpass almost 
anything I've heard before. The tracks are in old Norse tongue (old Norwegian), truly epic, very 
powerful and motivational and even worthy of playing during a martyrdom operation (in addition to 
Saga and Clint Mansell).
Track 1: The Dreaming - Ere the World Crumbles
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Kn99vRCbww
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g5KYv2oqXk (live version)
Track 2: Nighttime journey through the Eiglophian mountains (Ascending Cimmeria)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GVMEdIfaJQ
Track 3: The Dreaming Anew - Memories of Cimmeria
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deDNzOYHu-4
Imagine the following; at the end of your mission, when you have completed your primary 
objectives - imagine fighting for your life against a pursuing pack of system protectors (or as I like 
to call them: armed defenders of the multiculturalist system, also referred to as the police). You try 
to avoid confrontation but they eventually manage to surround you. You hear this song as you push 
forward to annihilate one of their flanks, head shotting two of your foes in bloody fervor trying to 
survive. This angelic voice sings to you from the heavens, strengthening your resolve in a hopeless 
battle. Your last desperate thrust kills another two of your enemies. But it isn’t enough as you are 
now completely surrounded; your time is now. This voice is all you hear as your light turns to 
darkness and you enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. This must surely be the most glorious way to 
claim the honour of martyrdom in battle.
The following is also decent track for maintaining a high morale during a limited battle 
confrontation although it lacks vocal: 
The Awakening - Hyborian Adventures
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHrE_fU2OtY

