# 3.3 The European Resistance Movement/Indigenous Rights Movement – PCCTS, Knights Templar offer a full pardon to the Western European multiculturalist regimes, the MA 100 alliance (political parties) and all category A and B individual traitors if they capitulate to our military forces by January 1st, 2020

> 原文页码: 785-790

8d. Aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah, by allowing Muslims 
living in Europe to fund external Jihadi groups or travel on Jihadi trips around the world 
to fight Europeans and/or other Christians. It is proven beyond any doubt that Muslims 
living in Europe have directly funded external Jihadi groups or joined such groups for the 
purpose of killing Europeans or other Christians. As a result, numerous Christians in 
Europe - especially in the Balkans, in the Middle East - especially Christian Lebanese, 
Israeli and non-Israeli Jews, Christian Copts, Maronites, Assyrians, and elsewhere have 
been murdered or injured. The number of murdered Christians ranges from 200 000-
300 000 in the period 1955-2009. 
8e. Aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah, of committing genocide 
against Middle Eastern Christians, by directly supporting the Muslim regimes and refusing 
to send military aid to our allies, friends and fellow Christians in Europe - especially in the 
Balkans, in the Middle East- especially Christian Lebanese, Israeli and non-Israeli Jews, 
Christian Copts and Assyrians in various Muslim dominated countries (primarily Jordan, 
Syria, Egypt, Iraq).
8f. Indirectly aiding and abetting the enemy, the Global Islamic Ummah, by refusing to 
rally and send military aid to our allies, friends and fellow Christians in Africa - especially 
in Sudan but also in Southern Nigeria (Biafra) and other areas of Africa where 
widespread Jihadi massacres and demographic warfare is occurring. The cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist elite’s unwillingness/inabilities to act on these issues have 
resulted in the massacres of hundreds of thousands of Christians and Animists. 
3.3 The European Resistance Movement/Indigenous Rights Movement – PCCTS, 
Knights Templar offer a full pardon to the Western European multiculturalist 
regimes, the MA 100 alliance (political parties) and all category A and B 
individual traitors if they capitulate to our military forces by January 1st, 2020
We, the National Resistance Movements of Western Europe, are hereby giving you the 
chance to exonerate yourselves if the following demands are met. The following demands 
are forwarded to all Western European regimes controlled by the MA 100 alliance (top 
100 cultural Marxist/multiculturalist political parties), affiliated NGOs and individual 
category A and B traitors:
To all category A and B traitors in the following countries: 
United Kingdom, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Sweden, 
Denmark, Norway, Finland, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Greece, Switzerland, Austria, Iceland, 
Malta and Ireland
Description of the terms of capitulation
You are to immediately order the national police and military forces in the respective 
countries to stop persecuting any and all armed National Resistance 
Movements/Indigenous Rights Movements and allow us to create a tribunal consisting of 
20 cultural conservative/nationalist intellectuals/political leaders per country. These 
individuals must oppose Islamisation, multiculturalism and have a long and credible track 
record in patriotic oriented political activism. All selected individuals must be staunch 
supporters of nationalistic ideological principles. 
You are to immediately allow this tribunal to mobilise a patriotic military force (known as 
patriotic transitional guards) by allowing the tribunal, the representatives of the National 
Resistance Movements unrestricted access to the state broadcasting channel. 
As soon as a military force/armed militia consisting of 1000 per 1 million citizens has 
been established, the tribunal will declare a temporary suspension of the constitution. 
This will be followed by a declaration of martial law which will last until a new 
government has been established and order has been restored. The force of “patriotic 
transitional guards”, lead by the tribunal, is then to gain full control of the national 
military and police forces. Efforts will then be made to immediately secure control of the 
border and all significant state institutions. The tribunal will exercise the right to veto all 
new bills and dictate all issues temporarily relating to international agreements, security 
related issues, border control and all cultural issues until the genocidal policies currently 
in effect have been removed and appropriate measures have been implemented. 
We can say the following to those who are screaming; “fascist coup!”:
The current multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe are not at all democratic, this 
country is not democratic. They haven’t been democratic since the 1950s. There is no 
basis for democracy when all state institutions including schools/universities deliberately 
use advanced brainwashing techniques (as has been described thoroughly) to condition 
the people from resisting their own persecution and annihilation through the 
manifestations of cultural Marxism/multiculturalist doctrines. Furthermore, there is no 
basis for democracy when 99% of all journalists support and propagate multiculturalism 
and thus collaborate with the political elites in their quest to indoctrinate the people. 
There is no basis for democracy when all patriots and nationalists are ignored, ridiculed 
or persecuted. Factors such as these and many more have resulted in the Marxist tyranny 
we live under today. The political and cultural elites are deliberately selling their own 
people into Islamic slavery by allowing Islamic demographical warfare and by their 
reluctance to ensure a national indigenous fertility rate of 2,1. 
Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States and the author of the US 
Declaration of Independence, stated; 
“The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and 
tyrants.”
He also wrote:
"That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right 
of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its 
foundation on such principles and organising its powers in such form, as to them shall seem 
most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. [...] It is their right, it is their duty, to 
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security."
Refreshing the tree is now long overdue as our countries are in a rapid state of 
disintegration. It is VITAL and essential for the survival of European civilisation and each 
respective Western European country that we refresh the tree of liberty. The intention of 
the National Resistance Movement is to do exactly that; to refresh the tree of liberty, and 
obviously not to cut it down. Refreshing the tree of liberty involves a coup supported by a 
significant portion of European patriots. It is impossible to guarantee a democratically 
sanctioned coup as we have to keep in mind that Europeans have been brainwashed now 
for two generations. Many will oppose us for our stance and call us fascist. Nevertheless, 
it is essential to acknowledge and understand that we are not. We are not fascists as we 
do not want a one party state. Only a coup (refreshing the tree of liberty) can ensure the 
long term survival of the democratic model. All coups involve the temporary suspension 
of the constitution. Thomas Jefferson himself knew that. However, the goal of the coup is, 
as stated, not to chop down the tree of liberty but to refresh it.
 The cultural conservative tribunal, in light of their newly gained powers will implement 
the following reforms:
1. Security measures
a. Place patriotic minded individuals in charge of all branches and sub groups of the 
military, customs, the police force and the intelligence agency where this is necessary.
b. Further develop and maintain a force of “patriotic transitional guards” consisting of 
3000 per million citizens minimum. This loyalist military force will be administrated as an 
independent military branch and will be added in addition to existing security forces. 
They will oversee and contribute to the future deportation of all Muslims. 
c. Deportation policies: All Muslims are to be immediately deported to their country of 
origin. Each family (family head) will receive 25 000 Euro providing they accept the 
deportation terms. Anyone who violently resists deportation will be executed.
2. Compensation for past war crimes and persecution
a. Financial compensation will be distributed to all nationalists/patriots and a public 
acknowledgement will be made of the several decade long unlawful political persecutions 
of nationalist oriented political activists since 1950 until today. Financial compensation 
and public acknowledgement must be granted to patriotic/nationalist minded contributors 
from all 8 political fronts who have been indirectly and directly persecuted in Western 
Europe since 1950. 
b. A full pardon and financial compensation will be distributed to all patriotic minded 
individuals who have been or still are incarcerated in Western European jails. 
A full pardon and financial compensation must also be granted to all the 100 000 or so 
incarcerated individuals in Western European jails who has been partly or fully 
condemned more harshly for their ideological beliefs, or who has been indirectly 
incriminated due to primary or secondary effects of multiculturalist political doctrines.  
c. Reparations of 500 billion Euros will be paid to the Serbian people for war crimes 
committed by NATO, under US and European cultural Marxist orders, during the Balkan 
wars. The US and all European NATO countries are to pay reparations to the Serbian 
people (250 billion Euros for each block). Alternatively, European NATO countries may 
pay a smaller sum (50 billion Euros in reparations) providing that they commit financially 
and militarily to carry the majority of the cost relating to a future liberation of Kosovo 
and the rest of the Balkans from Muslim rule. See another section for specific details 
regarding how this operation is to be carried out. 
3. Immunity from prosecution and punishment for traitors 
All cultural Marxist/multiculturalist category A and B traitors will be granted immunity 
from prosecution and punishment provided they capitulate before Jan. 1st, 2020 and give 
their full and unwavering support to the transitional patriotic tribunal. A minimum 
requirement will be that they at least refrain from criticising the patriotic reforms.  
Any cultural Marxist breakaway/dissenting faction who refuses to acknowledge our 
legitimacy before or during the transitional phase or any faction who directly or indirectly 
support violent opposition will be severely punished. All category A and B traitors who 
continue to oppose us will be executed. 
4. An immediate removal of all multiculturalist political policies 
All multiculturalist political doctrines (laws included) designed to deconstruct European 
culture, traditions, identities and nation states will be removed. Political reforms will be 
initiated aimed at public institutions, schools, universities with the goal of removing all 
multiculturalist policies and completely rewrite falsified multiculturalist school 
curriculums.
Multiculturalism and the primary destructive components of Marxism will be banned by 
law as an anti-European hate ideology. 
Islam will be banned as a genocidal, anti-kafr hate ideology (this can obviously only be 
done after the national security situation is fully under control. 
5. Implementation of nationalistic doctrines on all levels of society
This will include the following:
a. A re-emphasis on political support for the continuation of the cultural heritage and 
traditions of the indigenous populations. See other chapter for full description.
b. Choosing and implementing a new birth policy – the conservative model or the 
feminist model. Depending on which model is chosen; implement all relating policies and 
change the required laws in relation to the societal social structures. Without a 
fundamental change in our social structures we will be unable to meet the minimum 
requirement for a sustainable fertility rate: 2,1. See other chapter for full description.
c. Implement the political policies and laws which lay the foundation for the desired social 
structures. Our societies will go from being matriarchies to once again becoming 
patriarchies. See other chapter for full description.
d. Implementation of the new foreign policy (aid policies, diplomatic relations, general 
foreign affairs). The Balkans will be liberated from Islamic occupation. However, no 
measures will be taken against Turkey until the US implodes or bursts out into civil war 
due to multiculturalism. See other chapter for full description.
e. Appoint nationalist oriented individuals as heads in all public offices. Ensure that our 
media companies, publishing firms, schools and universities are no longer exploited as an 
arena where Marxist oriented individuals are allowed to influence and indoctrinate 
individuals. A special emphasis must be directed at the faculties of sociology, journalism 
and political science. See other chapter for full description.
f. Create liberal zones as a method to avoid conflict between cultural conservatives and 
individuals who seeks unrestricted freedoms. Liberal zones may be granted semi-
autonomy. See other chapter for more details.
6. Media reforms and future restrictions
a. Campaigns will be initiated consisting of affirmative action of nationalistic minded 
individuals (anti-multiculturalists) to all broadcasting/news/media companies with a given 
distribution network. A minimum of 50% of all journalists should be nationalist oriented 
individuals (anti-multiculturalist). The news/media coverage of national and international 
political issues especially concerning security, defence, culture, social structures and 
immigration/deportation should reflect the new political climate. Efforts must also be 
made to counter any foreign psychological warfare campaigns and to prevent any foreign 
state from severely undermining the political transitional tribunal during this period. 
b. Multiculturalist media programs which are directly or indirectly undermining national 
cohesion or the political doctrines related to newly adopted birth policies will be 
prevented or may be restricted to liberal zones of that country. There will be certain 
censoring of anti-national/Marxist programs until liberal zones has been created.  
Destructive lifestyles must not be glorified as it undermines the new policy which includes 
the revitalisation of cultural confidence and a strengthening of national cohesion. Sex and 
the city lifestyles must not be glorified as it undermines the nations goal to increase the 
average birth rate from 1,5 to 2,1-2,3. However, this depends on which birth policy will 
be selected (the feminist birth policy will allow the continuation of displaying and 
glorification of certain negative lifestyles.
7. New civilisational goal: 20% of the annual national budget must be reserved for the 
furtherance of the nation. This will ensure a future of prosperity and a high living 
standard. These funds will be reserved for research and development in relation to 
science and technology. Under no circumstances should these resources be transferred to 
cover other deficits. 
8. After the transitional period has ended
We will reform our democratical model from a “mass-democracy model” to a model more 
resembling the Russian system of administered democracy. The patriotic tribunal will 
remain as a guardian council after the transitional period has ended. Their primary tasks 
and roles will consist of the following: 
-
The national military command, the patriotic guard and the police forces will all be 
under the direct and full control of the of the guardian council and not the 
government. However, the government will have the right to decide just about any 
other matter with only a few exceptions.
-
The guardian council will prevent hardcore Marxists/cultural Marxists from once 
again infiltrating the various sectors of society. 
-
The guardian council will ensure that the suicidal humanists and capitalist 
globalists do not misuse their influence in a way that significantly undermines the 
country or the people.
-
The guardian council will ensure that the nation maintains a fertility rate of at 
least 2,1. If the government fails to reach this target, the guardian council may 
implement any and all measures necessary in order to reach sustainability.
-
The guardian council will ensure that monocultural and cultural conservative 
doctrines are enacted.
-
The guardian council may veto any resolution but should under optimal 
circumstances never have to exercise this right. 
General demands from the people which are covered in the above policies
1. The right to maintain our traditional majorities in our own lands, control our own 
sovereignty and our own self-determination. We do not wish harm or ill-feeling toward 
any other peoples on earth, but we assert the right to maintain our own majorities in our 
own lands without being accused of "racism." We reject current trends, institutionalised 
through multiculturalism, which preach that we have no right to oppose, control or lessen 
unlimited immigration from non-indigenous cultures.
2. The right to teach our children our cultures, languages, historical interpretations, 
religious celebrations and traditions unimpeded. We reject educational trends, , 
institutionalised through multiculturalism, which encourage our children to forget or 
despise their culture, traditions, religious practices and history in order to avoid offense 
to non-indigenous European residents or citizens.
3. The right to maintain, cherish and practice our own indigenous religious holidays and 
celebrations. We reject out of hand current trends, institutionalised through 
multiculturalism,  which preach that traditional indigenous European religious or cultural 
celebrations such as Christmas are somehow "racist" or "non-inclusive" and therefore 
must be "downgraded," "renamed" or otherwise de-emphasised or eliminated in order to 
avoid offending non-indigenous European residents or citizens. We reject current policies 
which establish that our indigenous cultures are somehow deficient and therefore are not 
complete until they are "enriched" by other, non-indigenous cultures.
4. The right to maintain, cherish and display our own indigenous religious, national, 
ethnic and cultural symbols. We reject out of hand current trends or policies, 
institutionalised through multiculturalism, which preach that our national flags or ethnic 
symbols of centuries standing are somehow "racist" or "non-inclusive" in order to avoid 
offense to non-indigenous European residents or citizens.
5. The right to maintain, cherish, protect and display our own indigenous cultural 
expressions such as music, artwork and sculptures. We reject out of hand current trends 
or policies, institutionalised through multiculturalism, which preach that indigenous 
European cultural expressions such as statues of boars, folkloric tales about pigs or dogs, 
paintings with Christian or Classical pagan themes, war memorials with a Christian 
theme, etc., should be removed from public view, banned, destroyed, modified or 
otherwise threatened in order to avoid offense to non-indigenous European residents or 
citizens.
6. The right to maintain, cherish and protect indigenous burial sites, structures, 
buildings, churches, museums and other public works and structures from destruction, 
modification or other changes. We reject out of hand current trends or policies, 
institutionalised through multiculturalism,  which establish that indigenous public works 
and structures must be changed or modified to avoid offense to non-indigenous European 
residents or citizens, or to "make way" for structures or public works that benefit non-
European residents or citizens (i.e. digging up indigenous graves that are centuries old in 
order to "make room" for non-indigenous cemeteries, removing external Christian 
symbols and statues from churches, etc.)
Mr. Franco Frattini of the EU Commission, the unelected and unaccountable government 
for nearly half a billion people, has stated that Europeans should accept further tens of 
millions of immigrants within a generation. The British Foreign Minister Milliband stated 

