# 3.30 Diversify risk by dividing the operation into 4 phases

> 原文页码: 850-850

3.30 Diversify risk by dividing the operation into 4 phases
1. Research phase
Storing certain information electronically in shorter or longer periods is unavoidable 
during the research phase (logistical strategies and bomb/weapon schematics etc). This 
information is usually stored on the individuals PC while doing research. Keep in mind 
that the planning of military operations/attacks (under terrorism laws) is illegal. A 
schematic or vague indications of a plan are not considered solid evidence unless backed 
by either witness testimony or either weapons or explosive components together with 
verifiable affiliations to terror groups. 
2. Logistics
Before you start the logistics phase you need to store all relevant research/information 
on a memory stick and get rid of it (bury it in a moist proof sealed container far away 
from your home, you will acquire it again in phase 3). The reason is that any written 
plans combined with weapons or explosives are considered solid evidence. Also, you need 
to replace (get rid of or destroy) your physical PC hard drive. Deleting the information is 
not sufficient. You need physically destroy it, submerge it in liquid and dump it on the 
other side of town. You are now set to start the logistics phase. Acquire the necessary 
weapons, ammo, body armour and explosives. As the “shopping phase” can last up to 12 
months you should divide the total list into 4 batches. As soon as you have bought 25 or 
33% of the list, seal it in a container and bury far from your home/base. Find separate 
locations for the next caches. The essence is to avoid having weapons/armour (evidence) 
in your base/home as it will incriminate you.
3. Assembly phase
Before you start this phase, you should keep in mind that phase 4 will be executed 
shortly after assembly. You should therefore ensure that you have completed all practical 
assignments (or private issues) before you start phase 3. This is the most risky phase. 
You are vulnerable as you will have all the equipment (evidence) you have acquired 
readily available. Ensure that the assembly phase does not last longer than it should (7 
days maximum). 
4. Implementation/execution of operation
Assembly phase completed. You are now ready to start on your final mission. Good luck 
and give them hell!
End note: I divided my operational phases into the following sub phases:
1.
Armour research phase
2.
Armour acquirement phase
Purge harddrive, purge evidence, bury armour crate
3.
Weapons research phase

