# 3.31 Equipment – weapons/ammo/armour etc.

> 原文页码: 851-853

4.
Weapons acquirement phase
Purge harddrive, evidence, did not bury weapons crate
5.
Explosives research phase
6.
Explosives acquirement phase
Purge harddrive, purge evidence
7.
Explosives manufacturing phase
8.
Execution
Creating your mining/agriculture cover before an acquisition phase
Personally, I downloaded Foxit PDF Editor w. serial which allows you to completely 
rewrite/modify any existing PDF Prospectus with all rights. Thanks to this software or any 
equivalent you can easily rewrite professional looking prospectuses to suit your specific 
needs. I first researched the mining industry, through financial/stock channels, especially 
looking for old mining related prospectuses in relation to small companies which went 
public (IPO or Initial Public Offering when being listed on a stock exchange) or which had 
undergone equity/share issue, a process for acquiring capital. I reviewed a total of 14 
various mining related prospectuses for small sized companies before I found a suitable 
prospectus. Optimally, the company should be relatively unknown and in a start up phase 
as it is essential that the cover is credible (an English prospectus is preferable).  
I spent two to three weeks rewriting the prospectus and setting up the correlating 
website with business card. I may use this cover when I approach suppliers or in a worst 
case scenario; this cover may create a reasonable doubt during a future trial as it will 
strongly indicate that I intend to use any future explosives acquired in a commercial 
manner (surface mining in Nordland and Finnmark), should I ever get arrested. The 
prospectus and accompanying mining related resources may contribute to create a 
reasonable doubt in any future terror trial considering the fact that it looks very 
professional/credible with inclusion of specific blasting sites. Optimally, I should photo-
document multiple blast sites (f example 50-100) in order to add to the credibility but I 
am uncertain that I will have the resources to do that at this point (Nordland and 
Finnmark is 700-1000 km from Oslo). 
As for creating an agriculture cover relating to the acquisition of substantial amounts of 
nitro-fertilizer; I originally had planned to create yet another agriculture prospectus and 
website etc. for use in the fertilizer-acquirement phase. However, I will instead just 
educate myself concerning a realistic case study involving growing sugarbeets on 5-20 
acres (fertilizer intensive crop) in either my own country or my neighbouring country. 
This study will involve insights into related routines and methods for growing sugarbeets, 
so that I may potentially pass the scrutiny for any fertilizer-store clerk. 
End note. Foxit PDF works but is a semi-crappy and relatively unstable software. 
However, I was unwilling to budget more time to research better “PDF Rewriter software”. 
3.31 Equipment – weapons/ammo/armour etc.
Military equipment should be selected based upon the nature of the operation. The 
weapons you end up with are often not what you would want, and therefore the best 
must be made of what is available for their use at a given time. However, you will make 
every attempt to acquire the absolute best equipment. You will rely on your equipment to 
keep you alive long enough to accomplish your objectives so do spend the necessary 
time to acquire solid gear. 
Optimal equipment for urban operations:
Offensive/defensive weapons
- HK416 assault rifle with “redpoint” optics (4 extra long clips)
Alternatively: any assault rifle (AK 47 etc.). Try to aquire a modern weapon with anti 
recoil functionality.
- Glock handgun with silencer and laser (2-4 extra long clips)
- 3 splint grenades
- 1-2 shock grenade
- 2 x arm defensive devices (knives)
- Gas mask 
Ammo (clip administration)
Assault rifle ammo: 1 armour penetration round, 1 dumdum round (ratio 1/1)
Handgun ammo: 1 armour penetration round, 1 dumdum round (ratio 1/1)
You are likely to face armoured agents (similar armour to yourself) so your primary 
weapon should have armour penetration rounds. Lead or other weak alloy projectiles will 
not be optimal. It will be very difficult to aquire some of this equipment but see logistics 
chapter for specific advice. 
Body armour
-
Ballistic Neck Protector 
-
Ballistic Helmet/Face Shield (with 1,5-2 cm thick ballistic visor)
-
Ballistic Vest (upgraded version)
-
Consider using leg armour (you may have to create it yourself)
-
Consider using additional armour as long as it doesn’t affect your mobility too much.
Armour with rigid panels provides superior protection. Top-grade SWAT vests are with 
steel or ceramic panels and can withstand armour-piercing handgun and rifle bullets. 
They weigh more than 20 kg and are more uncomfortable than many other variants so 
you will rely on scooter/car for transportation.
There are three certified levels of body armour. The most commonly worn, Level IIA, 
offers realistic protection against all .22, .25, .32, .380, and .38, calibre handgun 
ammunition, against most 9mm, .357 Magnum, .40 S&W, .45 ACP and .44 Magnum 
handgun ammunition and against 000 buck shotgun pellets. Level II and Level IIIA 
armour protects from even greater threats including 12 gauge shotgun slugs and the 
"hottest" .44 Magnum rounds.
Defensive bulletproof shield
Try to aquire a small police version shield. If unable to aquire it on the market, you may 
create one yourself if you can provide the materials. An optimal size for our purpose (and 
provided you have leg armour) would be any size from 50 x 50 to 70 x 70 cm, although 
most shields on the market are larger. You may have to re-equip with handles, a carrying 
strap (so you may carry it on your back), police insignia, one or two 10 cm spikes and/or 
razorblades on the front of the shield (primarily as a deterrent to prevent people from 
jumping you from behind). The 2 handles should optimally be designed in such a fashion 
that it stabilises the shield when held by one hand (one handle in the centre), with a 
second handle at the right side of the centre to reinforce with other hand if you are under 
heavy fire. A shield like this is excellent when employing a TotM manoeuvre (storming a 
flank if you are surrounded/a thrust moving forward to enemy location, usually a system 
protector position behind an armoured police vehicle). The shield is very effective when 
used in such a context. The weight should not exceed 5 kilograms. Optimally, the shield 
should have a small window to look through made of defensive glass/plastic. The rest of 
the shield is usually made from a special type of metal or other bullet proof material. 
When travelling between two positions, the shield is mounted on your back and only used 
if approached by more than one armed system protector (police). The shield is quite 
effective as the system protector bullets, as used in a majority of Western European 
countries (9 mm lead often from MP5 type weapons), cannot penetrate it.
 
Armour piercing rounds
16 Kozap bullets are the world's hardest 9 mm armour-piercing handgun projectiles. 
Teflon bullets blast through most Police Vests.
The hard brass bullets cause exceptional wear on handgun barrels, a problem combated 
by coating the bullets with Teflon. The Teflon coating does nothing to improve 
penetration; it simply reduced damage to the gun barrel.
Conventional bullets, made primarily from lead, are often ineffective against hard targets 
especially when fired at handgun velocities.
As for assault rifle ammunition, standard ammo will easily penetrate the most commonly 
worn protective vests. However, Teflon coated brass bullets are better.
Melee weapon
You should use a normal combat knife and mount a bayonet on your primary weapon 
(assault weapon). You can also consider getting/building a more advanced defensive 
device. 
There are currently no efficient melee weapons on the market designed for solo urban 
warfare. A knife will have little value if you are jumped by two individuals, one grabbing 
your arms and one knocking you down. 
A suggestion could be to build and equip razor sharp spikes on your arms (from your 
wrists up to your elbows). This will transform your arms to a potentially lethal melee 
weapon and will make it a lot harder for individuals to jump you (or may act as a 
deterrent). Keep in mind that you have to make the devices small enough so that they do 
not make your arms “bulky” or in other ways significantly limit your mobility or precision 
when switching to/equipping or using your primary weapons. 

