# 3.32 Armour Phase – KT guide to ballistic armour

> 原文页码: 854-880

3.32 Armour Phase – KT guide to ballistic armour
Knights Templar’s guide to ballistic armour/body armour, sewing including a 
step-by-step guide to construct “Loki’s Armour”
During my early youth while attending Smestad primary school in Oslo, Norway; I 
remember being forced to complete mandatory knitting and sewing courses. These 
courses were first implemented in various Western European countries as a result of 
Marxist revolution which started all the way back in the 1930s but had its climax around 
1968. These mandatory knitting and sewing courses were implemented with the goal of 
deliberately contribute to feminise European boys in their insane quest to attempt to 
create the Marxist utopia consisting of “true equality between the sexes”. I remember I 
dreaded these courses as it felt very unnatural and was a complete waste of time. In 
retrospect, however, I am grateful for having received this insight into sewing and 
stitching as this knowledge is an essential skill when constructing and assembling 
modern ballistic armour… It is quite ironic and even hilarious when reflecting on the fact 
that a skill which was intended to feminize European boys can and will in fact be used to 
re-implement the patriarchy by overthrowing the Western European cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes.  
The various Conservative Revolutionary Movements in 
Europe have since WW2 expressed their desire to 
acquire the knowledge on how to easily construct 
superior ballistic armour which could rival or even 
prove to become up to 100% more effective than the 
armour worn by system protectors/multiculturalist 
police forces. However, several obstacles have been 
put in place by the EUSSR authorities making it 
difficult to purchase the quality goods offered to 
national police forces and national militaries. When 
trying to order a military grade vest with collar, arm 
and groin protectors (DAPS etc) with military grade 
ESAPI plates you will often find out that you need 
special permits and that you need to document that 
you are working for official law enforcement or 
working for your official national military forces. When 
I first started my “armour research and acquisition 
phase” three months ago I found out the hard way 
that you need special permits to buy military grade 
armour from EU stores. Certain vests were indeed 
available but not the vests I wanted. Secondly, I 
wanted to be very careful and avoid ordering products 
from my own country as my national intelligence 
agency can easily check and cross reference purchase 
orders from the limited number of vendors selling 
ballistic armour. Secondly, buying from US stores 
proved to be futile as all ballistic armour is restricted 
for export. The stores will simply refuse to ship to 
Europe as they are prohibited by US law.
In any case; the internet truly transformed the market for acquisition of any imaginable 
product which has resulted in a scenario where ANYONE now has quick and easy access 
to suppliers worldwide. Yet, the actual step-by-step blueprint on how to construct this 
armour has been a secret for years or kept within closed networks: until this day…
PCCTS, Knights Templar has created a blueprints and an acquisition list for heavy amour 
specifically designed for the Conservative Revolutionary Movements in Europe. These 
mission specific armour systems are especially designed to counter: counter-terrorism 
forces/SWAT teams and other types of system protectors of various Western European 
countries. I will present a step-by-step guide on how to construct this superior armour 
with a detailed list of specific parts, materials and suppliers. 
Operatives of various Conservative Revolutionary Movements in Europe have for a long 
time had challenges when attempting to order “various armour kits” from established 
armour suppliers and large internet stores due to the fact that the best armour is 
reserved for individuals that can provide law enforcement/military documentation. 
Conservative Revolutionaries have often been limited to worthless level II armour vests, 
which is only suited to protect against weak 22 caliber rounds.
I will now show you exactly how to bypass the restrictions by basically setting up your 
own little one man-factory with the capability of constructing a superior set of body 
armour which offers up to 90% frontal coverage (level IIIA to IV protection) and 60-70% 
backside coverage.
I will present a guide to the medium weight version (15 kg gear all included) and to the 
heavy weight version (30 kg gear all included), depending on strength, agility and your 
general physical condition and the mission specific requirement. 
I coined the armour “Lokis Armour” from the Norse God of Deception as it’s specifically 
designed to bypass current armour restrictions and to counter; counter-terrorism system 
protectors working for the multiculturalist regimes.
Creating Lokis Armour System (heavyweight version) – 27 kg
Figure 1 illustrates SWAT armour (Special Weapons and 
Ammunitions Team) and its vulnerabilies when facing a 
Justiciar Knight with Lokis Armour (figure 2). Red indicate 
areas on the body with NO protection, yellow indicate 
vulnerable areas (soft armour is vulnerable to assault rifle 
fire), light green indicate protected areas (level IIIA with anti 
trauma protection should be able to withstand limited MP5 
fire) while darkgreen indicate safe areas.
This is a guide to acquire/create superior ballistic armour with up to 90% frontal level 
IIIA to level IV coverage and 60-70% level IIIA to level IV back coverage.
 
This custom made/designed and partially improvised armour, also known as Lokis Armour 
consists of various parts (bought from multiple suppliers and brands or created from base 
materials) which are finally put together to form the best and most superior body armour 
available today.  
-
Provides 90% level IIIA ballistic protection frontal coverage, 60-70% back coverage.
-
Provides 60% level  III ballistic protection frontal coverage, 30% back coverage.
-
Provides 40% level IV ballistic protection frontal coverage, 30% back coverage.
Note, to dramatically decrease weight and create a light weight version of Lokis armour 
just ignore the chest rig with the 4 ESAPI plates (total weight of 13 kg). By doing this, 
your armour (lightweight version of Lokis armour) will weigh 14 kg. If you are going for 
the lightweight version you should seriously consider using your Damascus FX1, Flexforce 
chestpiece (take of the hard shells though) to provide anti-blunt trauma protection (in 
which case you must buy a vest in size XL or higher so that you can fit the FX1 chest 
piece under your vest.
If you are unable to buy military grade armour kits, like I was, then I would highly 
recommend choosing the strategy I chose. Simply buy a military grade vest with as much 
level IIIA coverage as possible like the IDF official vest. 
Lokis Armour - Weight: 27 kg
Cost for a complete set of Lokis Armour: 6000 Euro (various parts, suppliers)
Labour hours required (sewing/stitching, cutting, colouring/dying etc): 40 hours
Labour hours required in relation to acquisition of parts (waiting, researching, ordering, 
5-10 different suppliers): 1-4 months
Strengths: Level IIIA protection offers superior ballistic protection from handgun 9 mm 
rounds while level IV ESAPI plates offer protection from military grade armour piercing 
rounds (including 7.62/5.56 high velocity rounds.)
Weaknesses: heavy gear, impairs mobility (running)
Time it takes to equip armour: 30 minutes without assistance, 10 minutes with 
assistance
Western European system protector (SWAT) armour coverage:
Provides 40% level IIIA ballistic protection frontal coverage, 40% back coverage.
Provides 25% level  III ballistic protection frontal coverage, 25% back coverage.
Average SWAT armour - Weight: 9 kg
Cost: 2000 Euro (one supplier)
Labour hours required (sewing, cutting, colouring/dying etc): 0 hours
Labour hours required in relation to acquisition of parts (waiting, researching, ordering, 
5-10 different suppliers): 0
Strengths: moderate ballistic protection from from handgun 9 mm rounds. Inferior to AP 
rounds or 7.62/5.56 high velocity rounds. 
Weaknesses: medium weight, impairs running somewhat
Time it takes to equip armour: 5-10 minutes
Physical requirements to wear Lokis Armour: Average male weight + 5-7 kg lean 
muscle mass, toned in relation to agility for wearing heavy armour. The wearer must 
train for the mission specific goal, fast walk/march with heavy armour for at least two 
hours).
Gear weight for a Justiciar Knight
Base layers
(Not included) Base layers – SkinsTM complete 2 part suit, socks, gloves, boxer: 0,6 kg 
(Not included) Boots: 2 kg
Total: 2,6 kg
Pouches w. content:
Camelbak 1,5L pouch with water: 1,6 kg
Gas mask pouch w. mask: 0,5 kg
Medic pouch w. content: 0,5 kg
AEE P80 digital action camera 4 GB + phone: 0,15 kg
Knife w. holster: 0,3 kg
Total: 3,05 kg
Weapons and ammo
4 splint grenades: 2 kg
3 smoke grenades: 1 kg
Assault rifle with sights + etc (no ammo): 4 kg 
Pistol with sight + (no ammo): 1 kg
7 x 28 round banana clips: 0,9 kg x 7 = 6,3 kg
4 x 28 round pistol clips: 0,81 kg x 4 = 3,24 kg
Total: 17,54
Armour and armour pouches
Layer 1 armour
IIIA helmet with IIIA visor: 3 kg
Trauma/shock resistance: FlexForce Modular Hard Shell FX-1: 3-4 kg
(Comment: you can’t rely on soft armour alone (IIIA Kevlar without any trauma/shock 
res) or you risk dying from internal bleeding caused by the blunt force trauma when 
being hit)
Layer 2 (worn on the FX-1)
Vest (Israeli – IDF, Israeli-weapons.com): 5 kg 
DAPs (US – Interceptor, Ebay): 2,26 kg
Throat protector (German, Ebay): 0,3 kg
Groin protector x 2 (US brand, Ebay + site): 1,2 kg
Custom Tailored Armour Pieces
-
Waist armour (between vest and leg armour, armour applied on top of a hip pad fastened 
with a belt)
-
Upper Leg Armour
-
Shin Armour (Lower Leg Armour)
-
Knee pad armour
-
Lower arm armour
-
Boot Armour (Bell shaped + extra pad on front)
Total weight: 3 kg
The above armour pieces are created by using flexible level IIIA ballistic composite plates 
fastened with nylon straps with various fastening items and additional velcro (hook & 
loop adhesive strips)  
Layer 3 (worn on the vest)
Molle rig with ESAPI pouches: 2 kg
ESAPI level IV, XL plates (Size: 28 x 35,6 cm, 3,25 kg x 2): 6,5 kg
ESBI level IV plates (2 x side plates, 15 x 20 cm): 2 kg
Layer 4 (shield)
Small size riot shield with glued IIIA composite panel (2 x ballistic composite panels: 5 
kg 
Total: 34 kg
Total weight of max gear: 57 kg (125 pounds)
Note: the ideal weight of march gear is 15 kg and should normally never exceed 30 kg. 
Obviously, for a majority of phase 1 operations we rely on mobility and speed and should 
never exceed 30 kg. On certain more “static” missions however, more armour should be 
considered. 
Complete Lokis Armour is heavy indeed but don’t forget that as a Justiciar Knight you 
have trained for months for one single mission. In addition a Justiciar Knight should 
always be in the middle of a steroid cycle and take an ECA stack capsule 20 minutes prior 
to the initiation of the mission (ephedrine, caffeine, aspirin stack) which increases our 
strength and agility by 50-100% for 2 hours. A Justiciar Knight is thus better prepared 
than even the most hardcore SWAT operator in a majority of ways. 
-
We select the battleground
-
We select the time of the battle
-
We have the element of surprice
-
We have superior armour
-
We have superior weaponry
-
We are more motivated
-
We are prepared to die in order to complete the operation
No system protector has a chance, at short notice, to match these odds.
However, Lokis Armour alone is still limited at best. You can defeat small flanks of 1-3 
system protectors. Nevertheless, keep in mind that you have to avoid being overwhelmed 
at all costs. Lokis Armour is ONLY superior when combined with high mobility. If you 
allow the system protectors to deploy snipers or send in a SWAT squad of more than 4 
you will have little chance to survive the encounter so stay on the move and focus on 
meeting your time table. As long as you follow your time table to the second, the system 
protectors will not have time to deploy snipers or a SWAT team to stop you (organizing a 
SWAT team will take up to 30 minutes depending on various factors), thus you will only 
have to worry about “low threat system protectors”.  
Always remember:
-
We are stronger and more agile due to biological enhancers
-
We have better and more powerful weapons (they are often limited to MP5)
-
We have better and more powerful ammunition (they use lead, we use AP)
-
We have superior armour 
-
We have better morale and are more motivated to achieve our objective (we are fighting to 
prevent the genocide of Europeans and of European culture (through multiculturalism 
coupled with Islamic demographic warfare), while they are “protecting a rotten, non-
sustainable Marxist system. They are thus in fact protecting the Islamic colonisation of 
Western Europe and its traitorous category A and B facilitators”.
Terminology:
ESAPI = Enhanced Small Arms Protective Inserts (frontal/back ceramic plates)
ESBI = Enhanced Side Ballistic Inserts (side ceramic plates)
DAPs = Deltoid and Axillary Protectors (deltoid=biceps/arm, axillary=under arm/arm pit). 
Know your limits - How much can a soldier carry?
7 days march: With ammo, rations, and water, each soldier carried well over 45 kg of 
gear. After seven days of constant operations, the effects of that weight are showing. 
Even the fittest of the platoon are hollow-eyed with fatigue. Physical training reduces that 
rate, but does not eliminate it. Carrying too much weight accelerates exhaustion.
Observation: The average rifle platoon soldier's load is 41 kg. Cold weather platoon 
average is 46 kg.
Typically, each soldier is wearing or carrying at least load-bearing equipment (LBE), 
Kevlar helmet, weapon, and rucksack or assault pack. This average does not include 
battle dress uniforms (BDUs), T-shirts, socks, underwear, and boots.
The average warm weather soldier's load is 40 kg. During the summer months, the 
soldier's load is more manageable. The need for "Hawk gear" (often 9 kg) goes away. 
However, much of that reduction is offset by the need to carry more water. As much as 
75 percent of soldiers carry "camel-bak" water pouches in addition to their canteens. 
Once again, BDUs, T-shirts, socks, underwear, and boots are not included in these 
weights.
Why do leaders and soldiers consistently overload themselves?
That's a very good question and it has hampered light infantry operations for years. 
Load-bearing equipment, designed as a combat harness, goes back for hundreds of 
years. Everything else; packs, rucksacks, and extra water -- is by definition comfort 
items added on top of the combat load. Those comfort items may make a soldier 
comfortably dead if he is too tired to function. Two of the biggest factors relating to 
soldier's load are:
    1. Tailoring the load to the mission.
    2. Soldier confidence in the logistical system.
Tailoring the load for a Justiciar Knight
Most people have seen the movie Platoon, where the squad leader in Vietnam reached 
into new guy Charlie Sheen's rucksack and dumped unnecessary equipment. Justiciar 
Knights need to do the same thing: performing good pre-combat inspections (PCIs). The 
packing list should be tailored to the mission at hand, with all the extras and "nice-to-
have" items eliminated.  
Determing a Justiciar Knights load is a critical task. The Knight cannot afford to carry 
unnecessary equipment into the battle. Every contingency cannot be covered. The 
primary consideration is not how much a soldier can carry, but how much he 
can carry without impaired combat effectiveness.
The official military manual states that the soldier's combat load should not exceed 27 
kg. That limit combines the fighting load -- LBE, kevlar, weapon, and magazines with 
ammo weighing about 17 kg -- and the approach march load rucksack and selected items 
at 10 kg. The remaining equipment and materials needed for a sustained combat 
operation must be placed in forward caches prior to the mission at pre-defined locations.
The bottom line: A Justiciar Knight needs a packing list that makes sense.
Carry what is required for mission accomplishment, but allow a minimum of comfort 
items. There are four configurations with this type of packing list and load:
Fighting load - Only what is worn = 17 kg 
    
Fighting light - Worn plus the assault pack = 27 kg 
    
Approach march - Worn plus the rucksack = 33 kg 
    
Everything - Worn plus the rucksack and assault pack = 43 kg
Largest threat when overloading: heat injury and fatigue.
Conclusion: Common sense IS NOT commonly used! Be uncommon and use yours!
Consider the risk versus gain aspects of combat loading. If you are being overloaded and 
you collapse from the weight of comfort items, you may not even reach the objective. By 
overloading yourself with comfort-related items, you are in effect expending yourself 
before you have the opportunity to achieve the mission.
For Canadian infantry in Afghanistan the average weight is 50 kg including mission-
specific equipment
Current average load numbers are 10% higher compared to WW2 statistics where a BAR 
Gunner carried 45 kg while the average rifleman carried 37 kg.
A fighting load is everything worn or carried except a rucksack and should be held to less 
than 22 kg, according to official manual for foot marches. The next level, approach march 
load, adds a light rucksack and should not exceed 32 kg. In the worst-case scenario, 
emergency approach march loads require a larger rucksack, raising the total weight to 
54-67 kg.
How much ammo does a soldier bring to a battle?
He should bring a total of two ammo pouches with room for 6 banana clips and one in his 
rifle so a total of 7 banana clips. In addition he should bring 4 clips for his pistol. Some 
carry more; 8 mags for the assault rifle and 4 pistol mags. Grenades: 4 
smoke/splint/flash are included in addition. 
Many Afghanistan riflemen carries 7-10 magazines depending on the mission.
A Justiciar Knights introduction to ballistic armour
Quality mil spec armour with multi hit capabilities is just as important as weapons to a 
Justiciar Knight. If you lack armour you may be neutralized with a single bullet as the 
blunt trauma caused by the bullet mushrooming inside of you is likely to literally paralyze 
even the most athletic body. Still, conservative revolutionaries – urban guerillas continue 
to ignore the armour aspects of warfare. Based on the nature of your operation, you may 
need to use mil spec overt (visible) armour while on other missions, where mobility is 
crucial, covert (hidden) or no armour at all is the preferred aproach. As a general rule, 
you should not wear more than 30 kg of armour at any given time as the weight will 
severely prevent you from moving properly. However, if you train hard and use a suitable 
steroid cycle with the intention to wear up to 30 kg of armour, covering 80-90% of your 
frontal body, you will learn that superior body armour has its benefits and may often 
outweigh the mobility issues for certain operations.   
A ballistic item, often referred to as a bullet proof or bullet resistant item, is usually an 
item of protective clothing that absorbs the impact from firearm projectiles and shrapnel 
fragments from explosions. This protection is usually worn for the upper body but can be 
applied anywhere for protection. There are two primary types of armour: soft items 
(usually Kevlar fabric) and hard items (often ceramic/steel plates). Soft items are usually 
constructed by placing several layers of ballistic Kevlar fabric on top of eachother which is 
then sewn inside a “soft pouch” made from a thin/ultra low weight layer of nylon ripstop, 
polyester, cotton or a similar material. This pouch is placed in an outer shell pouch which 
is often constructed from tougher mil spec cordura nylon or similar fabrics (500-1000 
denimer nylon, mil spec). The more layers applied the better protection is offered but 
more layers will obviously increase the weight of the item. All armour above level IIIA is 
made from hard armour: ceramic, steel or dyneema plates etc. The reasoning for this is 
the following; while soft armour will stop most handgun bullets from entering your body, 
the blunt trauma caused by even higher calibers when hit is likely to cause massive 
damage to your body (think of it as being hit by a big sledge hammer) which may cause 
internal bleeding subsequent death. As such; hard armour can and should be worn in 
combination with soft armour to increase protection. Soft/hard armour combo is now 
common for international forces in Afghanistan and elsewhere and is often used by SWAT 
operators in most Western countries. 
Using composite armour in combination with soft armour
Certain companies offer a flexible composite material which is normally used for applying 
ballistic properties in car doors and alternative stationary sources in need of ballistic 
protection. However, you may use these flexible plates in combination with conventional 
armour systems which often only covers the torso and often ignores the lower arm, 
upper legs, knees, shins and boots. One option of using this material is to basically cut 
the composite plate (0,7 cm thick) in the desired shape and place them in the pouch you 
have sewn (2 knee pouches, 2 shin pouches, 2 upper leg pouches, 2 boot pouches and 2 
lower arm pouches). You then apply either adhesive (or sew) hook & loop (Velcro) on 
each piece in order to properly fasten/equip each peace to your body. Alternatively, 
additional Velcro or nylon straps may be applied in order to attach each peace to other 
parts of your armour to create a complete armour system which covers up to 95% of 
your frontal body and up to 75% of your back. Obviously, I have not been able to field 
test this system which I refer to as Lokis Armour, although it is now completed. Lokis 
Armour set is basically a “Frankenstein-set” created from various armour systems. 
Certain pieces needed some adjustment by adding additional hook-loop adhesive strips in 
order to properly attach to other modules. F example; the IDF armour doesn’t fit in 
combination to Interceptor parts, which again doesn’t fit with the Point Blank parts etc. 
But with nylon straps, hook & loop bands, a few fastening items and some crazy sewing 
skills, everything is possible:-)    
In order to maximize the effectiveness of soft armour, trauma plates may be added which 
will mitigate the blunt force (blunt trauma) of the projectile. Soft armour may be worn on 
top of a modern riot suit (constructed to resist blunt trauma) in order to increase the 
effectiveness and prevent damage caused by blunt trauma. I would highly recommend 
the FlexForce FX1 riot suit from Damascus in this regard as it is compact enough to fit 
under soft body armour, yet holds the anti-trauma qualities required to withstand 
multiple hits when worn in combination with soft and hard armour. I have not had the 
chance to field test this option though (nor have I seen any reports confirming my 
theory) but theoretically it should offer excellent protection when worn together. 
Blunt trauma suits are rarely used by military or SWAT forces in combination with their 
ballistic armour as the suits are relatively bulky and heavy (around 4-7 kg). Very few 
people have the required strength and agility to wear a full blunt trauma suit (riot suit), 
soft armour and hard armour – in addition to conventional tactical gear, weapons etc. 
Nevertheless, Justiciar Knights may prove to become that exception as we are 40-100% 
stronger providing we take full advantage of the steroid cycle and ECA stack combination 
during our operation. For this purpose, it is essential that all Justiciar Knights adjusts 
their training sessions to build up experience for wearing this equipment and take 
appropriate measures to simulate 1-2 hour “fitness walks/march walks”. These march 
walks will include up to 30-40 kg load which is the total weight of the described Lokis 
Armour, weapons, ammo and other equipment).  
Damascus FX-1 Flexforce, anti-blunt-trauma suit (worn under armour (not chest piece 
+ upper arm)
Armour level - lowest to highest
Level IIA (poor - soft armour)
9 mm FMJ RN slow velocity
.22 LR
.25 ACP / 6.35mm Browning
.32 ACP/ 7.65mm Browning
.38 ACP
.40 S&W FMJ 
.45 ACP
12 ga. 00 Buck (shotgun)
This armour protects against 9 mm FMJ RN (Full Metal Jacketed Round Nose) bullets, 
with nominal masses of 8.0 g (124 gr) at a reference velocity of 355 ± 9.1 m/s (1165 ± 
30 ft/s) and .40 S&W FMJ (Full Metal Jacketed) bullets, with nominal masses of 11.7 g 
(180 gr) at a reference velocity of 325± 9.1 m/s (1065 ± 30 ft/s).
It also provides protection against 12 gauge shotgun buckshot (9 pellet) and birdshot.
Level II (poor - soft armour)
Typical 9 mm FMJ RN
.357 Magnum JSP
This armour protects against 9 mm FMJ RN (Full Metal Jacketed Round Nose) bullets, 
with nominal masses of 8.0 g (124 gr) at a reference velocity of 379 ± 9.1 m/s (1245 ± 
30 ft/s) and .357 Magnum JSP (Jacketed Soft Point) bullets, with nominal masses of 10.2 
g (158 gr) at a reference velocity of 408 ± 9.1 m/s (1340 ± 30 ft/s).
It also provides protection against threats mentioned in [Type IIA].
Level IIIA (standard – soft armour)
.357 SIG FMJ FN
.44 Magnum SJHP
12 ga. rifled slug (shotgun)
Offers resistance against most handgun threats
This armour protects against .357 SIG FMJ FN (Full Metal Jacketed Flat Nose) bullets, 
with nominal masses of 8.1 g (125 gr) at a reference velocity of 430 ± 9.1 m/s (1410 ± 
30 ft/s) and .44 Magnum SJHP (Semi Jacketed Hollow Point) bullets, with nominal 
masses of 15.6 g (240 gr) at a reference velocity of 408 ± 9.1 m/s (1340 ± 30 ft/s).
It also provides protection against 12 gauge rifled slug, as well as the threats mentioned 
in [Types IIA, and II].
Level III with Ballistic Plates (hard armour)
7.62 mm FMJ
.30 carbine
.223 remington / 5.56 mm FMJ
Grenade shrapnel
Against high-powered rifles
This armour protects against 7.62 mm FMJ (Full Metal Jacketed) bullets (U.S. Military 
designation M80), with nominal masses of 9.6 g (148 gr) at a reference velocity of 847 ± 
9.1 m/s (2780 ± 30ft/s).
It also provides protection against threats such as 5.56 mm FMJ, .223 remington, .30 
carbine FMJ and grenade shrapnel , as well as the threats mentioned in [Types IIA, II, 
and IIIA].
Level IV with Ballistic Plates (hard armour)
.30 caliber AP
 
Against armour piercing rifles
This armour protects against .30 caliber AP (armour piercing) bullets (U.S. Military 
designation M2 AP), with nominal masses of 10.8 g (166 gr) at a reference velocity of 
878 ± 9.1 m/s (2880 ± 30 ft/s). It also provides at least single hit protection against the 
threats mentioned in [Types IIA, II, IIIA, and III].
Creating level IIIA soft armour 
How many layers of Kevlar does a level IIIA item have?
 
II consists of around 20 THIN layers of Kevlar fabric (8-10 THICK layers)
IIIA consists of around 30-35 THIN layers of Kevlar fabric (12-15 THICK layers)
Creating/acquiring Lokis Armour
Component/parts:
Ballistic Helmet with visor (NOT possible to create, try to buy from supplier)
Ballistic Vest (should NOT be created, buy from bodyarmour supplier)
Ballistic Neck Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Deltoid Protectors (can be easily created)
Ballistic Axillary Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Lower Arm Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Groin Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Hip/butt Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Upper Leg Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Shin/knee Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Boot Protector (can be easily created)
Ballistic Shield (can be easily created)
Requirements:
-
Kevlar fabric, 10 sq. meters
-
Flexible ballistic composite panel (aprox 120 x 120 cm)
-
Nylon straps (2,5 and 5 cm)
-
Adhesive hook and loop straps (Velcro, 2 and 4 cm)
-
“Cordura” nylon fabric or similar (at least 3 sq. meters)
-
Various closing devices/pre-made straps etc. (see ahh.biz for selection).
-
Needles/hand held sewing device/thread etc. (see ahh.biz for selection).
-
Damascus FX-1 Flexforce riot gear (you will need at least the leg, hip and lower arm pieces). 
You may disregard the rest of the modules including the item covering the boot.
Part 1 - Ballistic vest with level IIIA soft armour
Soft armour: kevlar or similar fabric
Difficulty level to create: HARD (it is suggested that you buy this item)
A ballistic vest comes in many shapes and forms. Some are created for covert 
(concealed) use, others for overt (visible) use. Obviously, overt ballistic armour is created 
for “certain” confrontation where you do not care if others identity the fact that you are 
wearing armour, while covert armour is worn when it is essential to hide the fact that you 
are wearing armour, for tactical reasons.
In any case, a solid level IIIA vest is and will be the backbone of your “armour system”.
Search words: ballistic vest, bullet resistant vest, bullet proof vest, tactical vest, assault 
vest)
Suppliers: European-, US-, Israeli- or Chinese companies.
Restrictions: certain countries have implemented restrictions relating to ownership of 
armour such as Italy and Australia (and the US for convicted criminals). It is likely that 
several countries will implement bans on the ownership of armour in the future in an 
effort to halt conservative freedom fighters or Islamic terrorists. However, you can still 
buy or import suitable covert or military grade ballistic vest in more or less all European 
countries. 
How to create a military grade ballistic vest - requirement: level IIIA soft armour (30-34 
thin layers of Kevlar fabric sewn in an internal pocket (or 12-15 thick Kevlar layers), 
which is then put inside the exterior cordura nylon “shell/pouch”) with pockets for level 
III to IV SAPI/ESAPI plates – size M to XL and optimally two side pockets for ESBI plates 
(side plates 10 x 15 cm usually). I would not recommend creating your own military 
grade ballistic vest due to the fact that they are readily available with few restrictions. 
However, I will include a schematic on how to cut Kevlar, and which cutting form you can 
use. I prefer vests with maximum coverage surface and which contains extra Kevlar 
layers (34+) so I ended up buying the IDF vest which offers excellent coverage. It even 
adds coverage for neck, axillary (arm pit) and offers extra protection above your frontal 
ESAPI plate. The weight is 4,5 kg. I added an extra modular plate carrier (2 frontal and 2 
for side) with attachments for molle/modular pouches.
Part 2 - Ballistic vest – Armour plates (2 ESAPI plates, front back, 2 side plates)
Hard armour
Difficulty level to create: HARD (it is suggested that you buy this item)
Coverage area: covers your most essential inner organs and the most likely place to be 
targeted. The Small Arms Protective Insert (SAPI) is a ceramic plate fielded by the US 
military. It was first used in the Interceptor body armor, a ballistic vest. It is now also 
used in the Improved Outer Tactical Vest as well as the Modular Tactical Vest, in addition 
to commercially available "plate carriers". The kevlar Interceptor vest itself is designed to 
stop projectiles up to and including 9x19mm Parabellum submachine gun rounds, in 
addition to fragmentation. To protect against higher velocity rifle rounds, SAPI plates are 
needed.
Armour plates are always hard plates made from either hardened steel, ceramic or the 
newer and lighter dyneema plates.
Sizes and weights
SAPI plates meant for body armor come in front and back plates which are identical and 
smaller side plates. The front and back plates come in five sizes. Their dimensions are 
the following:
Front and back SAPI plates:
    * Extra Small - 1.27 kg (2.8 lb) | 184 x 292 mm (7¼ x 11½ in)
    * Small - 1.59 kg (3.5 lb) | 222 x 298 mm (8¾ x 11¾ in)
    * Medium - 1.82 kg (4.0 lb) | 241 x 318 mm (9½ x 12½ in)
    * Large - 2.09 kg (4.6 lb) | 260 x 337 mm (10⅛ x 13¼ in)
    * Extra Large 2.40 kg (5.3 lb) | 280 x 356 mm (11 x 14 in)
ESAPI plates are the same size but slightly greater in weight.
    * Extra Small - 1.70 kg (3.75 lb)
    * Small - 2.08 kg (4.60 lb)
    * Medium - 2.50 kg (5.50 lb)
    * Large - 2.85 kg (6.30 lb)
    * Extra Large - 3.25 kg (7.20 lb)
Torso side plates are as follows:
    * 1 kg (2.3 lb) | 150 x 200 mm (6 x 8 in)
Materials and capabilities
The standard plate for the Interceptor body armor is made of boron carbide or silicon 
carbide ceramic. New ESAPI plates are also made of boron carbide. A SAPI is able to stop 
up to three rifle bullets of a caliber up to 7.62x51mm NATO M80 ball and of a muzzle 
velocity up to 2,750 ft/s (840 m/s). The ceramic plate is backed with a shield made of 
Spectra, a material up to 40% stronger than Kevlar.
The standard plates are rated as NIJ III when used alone and NIJ IV when backed by the 
soft armor of the OTV.
Physics
The mechanism of effect lies in absorbing and dissipating the projectile's kinetic energy in 
local shattering of the ceramic plate and blunting the bullet material on the hard ceramic. 
The Spectra backing then spreads the energy of the impact to larger area and stops the 
fragments, preventing injury to the wearer.
The same principle is used for the ceramic tiles used for the armored cockpits of some 
military airplanes, and the anti-spallation liners used in modern armored personnel 
carriers.
How to aquire SAPI/ESAPI plates
I would not recommend creating your own ESAPI plates unless you have access to 
hardened steel plates. Forget about ordering armour from US companies as all US 
companies have strict export restrictions even to other NATO countries. Your best bet of 
acquiring ESAPI plates are purchasing them from European, Israeli or Chinese 
companies. They are readily available online as they are considered “legal armour 
components” and not “illegal military grade armour”. Alternatively, you may have a US 
friend buy them for you or travel to the US yourself, use a proxy buyer and physically 
smuggle them to Europe yourself. You will get a fine if caught but nothing more as far as 
I know. So, what type of material do you go for? Steel is obviously the heaviest of 
materials but is superior when it comes to multi-hit capabilities. The newer generation 
SAPI ceramic is also a good alternative although it is difficult to aquire ESAPI plates 
especially in size XL. I was “lucky” and managed to order mine of Ebay (in despite of the 
Ebay ban on mil spec body armour) after only 2 months of monitoring. Ebay is not the 
best place to look as it is mostly civilian body armour available. But now and then, some 
inexperienced sellers simply make a mistake and list high grade mil spec armour and 
some times, Ebay is unable to stop the auction in time, which allows you to “swoop in 
and pick it up” with a winning bid. I finally managed to buy 2000 USD worth of plates, 
ESAPI XL level IV and a similar set of ESBI (side plates) for only 600 Euro after 
monitoring Ebay closely for 3 months! Luck favours the dedicated and patient so never 
give up!;) My armour acquisition phase lasted 3-4 months and it took time to learn the 
proper search words and techniques in order to successfully locate the right suppliers. Ill 
share my suppliers in another chapter.
Source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_Arms_Protective_Insert
Part 3 - Ballistic helmet level IIIA with ballistic level IIIA visor (face shield) 
Hard armour: composite helmet + visor; the visor is made of 2-3 cm thick polycarbonate 
plastic (may also be known under the brand name; lexan.
Difficulty level to create: HARD (it is suggested that you buy this item)
Coverage area: head and face. This will be the hardest component of your armour 
system to aquire (not the helmet but the visor). Several European suppliers sell it but it 
is more or less always limited to law enforcement agencies or the military. European 
suppliers will usually ask for various documentation showing that you are a police officer. 
I managed to order one of these helmets from an Israeli company. 
It is more or less impossible for you to create a ballistic visor so start looking for those 
suppliers.
Search terms: ballistic vizor (visor), ballistic face shield, ballistic helmet, bullet proof 
helmet, bullet resistant helmet, bullet proof vizor, bullet proof face shield
Part 4 – Ballistic Deltoid Protectors (1 of 2 pieces of the DAPS system)
Soft armour: layers of Kevlar or similar fabric
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create these as they are 
relatively hard to acquire on the open market)
These two pieces protect your deltoids (upper arms) and are attached to your vest. I 
managed to buy two from an American Ebay seller which mistakenly listed them for 
international sale. In any case; “deltoid protector pouches”, without the soft armour 
inserts (34 layers of Kevlar fabric) is readily available which makes creating these a 
simple task. Simply buy enough ballistic Kevlar fabric, strong Kevlar fabric scissors and 
start cutting. When done with the 34 (15) layers, insert them in the interior pouch, which 
then is inserted in the exterior pouch which is made from the harder 500-1000 denimer 
cordura nylon fabric. If you are unable to order these premade exterior pouches (without 
the actual soft armour inserts) you can still sew your own. Just order mil spec cordura 
nylon (or any tough nylon fabric) from any supplier and start sewing. You will need nylon 
straps with hook and loop material (Velcro). Sew the hook and loop material on to the 
nylon strap, which then allows you to properly use the deltoid protectors. Also, see my 
illustration/blue print and measurements.  
Search terms: DAPS, deltoid protector, ballistic arm protector etc.
Aproximate cost: 60-120 Euro
Hours of labour required: 7 full hours of cutting/sewing/dying (not including time it takes 
to order Kevlar fabric and other material)
Part 5 – Ballistic Axillary Protectors (2 of 2 pieces of the DAPS system)
Soft armour: layers of Kevlar or similar fabric
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create these as they are 
relatively hard to acquire on the open market)
Coverage area: From your side ESBI plates up to your armpit. As with part 1; these are 
hard to acquire, but very easy to create. Simply follow the above steps and use the 
axillary illustration/blue print and measurements. Also, depending on your vest, you 
don’t necessarily need additional axillary protectors. A majority of vests however offer 
little protection in the armpit area above your ESBI plates.
Aproximate cost: 60-120 Euro
Hours of labour required: 7 full hours of cutting/sewing/dying (not including time it takes 
to order Kevlar fabric and other material)
Part 6 – Ballistic Groin protector
Soft or hard armour: layers of Kevlar or similar fabric, can also be made from flexible 
kevlar composite plates (level IIIA)
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create these as they are 
relatively hard to acquire on the open market)
Coverage area: lower stomach and groin, below your vest. As with the DAPs, these are 
hard to acquire, but very easy to create. Simply follow the above steps and use the groin 
illustration/blue print and measurements.
Aproximate cost: 60-120 Euro
Hours of labour required: 4 full hours of cutting/sewing/dying (not including the time it 
takes to order Kevlar fabric and other material)
Part 4 – Ballistic Neck protector
Soft/hard armour: layers of Kevlar or similar fabric, can also be made from flexible kevlar 
composite plates (level IIIA)
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create these as they are 
relatively hard to acquire on the open market)
Coverage area: neck – front/back. Some vests like the IDF vest has a neck protector 
already implemented in the system while many European and US vests, especially civilian 
vests lack a neck protector or is based on a modular system where a neck protector 
comes as a modular piece and attaches with hook/loop or buttons. As with the DAPS and 
the groin protector, these are hard to acquire for “civilians”, but very easy to create. 
Simply follow the above steps and use the neck illustration/blue print and measurements.
Aproximate cost: 30-80 Euro
Hours of labour required: 4 full hours of cutting/sewing/dying (not including time it takes 
to order Kevlar fabric and other material)
Part 5 - Ballistic Leg Protectors (3 pieces: 1: upper leg, 2: knee and shin, 3: boot)
Hard/soft armour: upper leg plates and shin plates should be made from flexible kevlar 
composite plates (lvl IIIA) and applied on top of your Damascus FX1 – Flexforce plastic 
plates (see blueprint). The knee and boot protectors should be made from Kevlar fabric 
(14-35 layers depending on thick or thin Kevlar)
Requirement: Damascus FX1 – Flexforce (riot gear to provide blunt trauma protection 
and a base/fundament for applying these parts)
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create these as they are not 
possible to acquire on the open market. Please see my prototype blueprints).
Coverage area: includes upper leg protector, knee protector, shin protector (lower leg) 
and boot protector.
There are currently no available Ballistic Leg Protectors on the market, neither for 
military personnel nor for civilian use. As a result, I have designed blueprints for make-it-
yourself modular Ballistic Leg Protectors covering the upper leg, knee, shin and boot. 
What you should do is to buy a complete riot suit, preferably the Damascus FX-1 
FlexForce and use some of the pieces as a body armour (anti- blunt trauma) base. You 
then basically do one of two things:
Alternative 1: Buy flexible ballistic panels (level IIIA), readily available at certain 
suppliers and cut pieces out of the panels the same size as the hard plastic on the riot 
suits. You can either apply/glue hook/loop material on the plastic hard shells and simply 
apply the flexible panels on to these shells.   
Alternative 2: You can sew pouches the same size as the plastic hard shells and apply the 
pouches with either hook/loop/Velcro material and/or nylon straps with hook/loop/Velcro 
material. You insert interior pouches into these outer pouches containing Kevlar inserts 
(consisting of 34 (15) layers of ballistic Kevlar fabric).
Follow the same principle on all the modular pieces (1: upper leg, 2: knee and shin, 3: 
boot). I decided to use the flexible ballistic panels for the upper leg and shin, while using 
Kevlar on the knee pad and boot.
Aproximate cost for all modular pieces: 700-1700 Euro (a large flexible ballistic panel, 
level IIIA costs 700 USD, 1 yard of ballistic Kevlar fabric costs 35 USD (1050 for 30 
layers x 1 yard, although you get considerable rebates when buying that much, and an 
even bigger discount if you purchase a full roll of ballistic Kevlar fabric). I chose to buy 
fabric from a US company instead of a European or Chinese one btw. A Damascus FX-1 
FlexForce riot gear costs 500 USD. See my suppliers for more info.  
Hours of labour required: 10-15 (not including time it takes to order Kevlar fabric and 
other material)
Part 6 – Ballistic Arm Protectors
Hard armour: these consists of two parts for each arm and can be made from flexible 
kevlar composite plates (lvl IIIA) and applied on top of your Damascus FX1 – Flexforce 
lower arm protectors (see blueprint and remember to remove the hard elbow and large 
plastic layer/shell as they are too bulky). 
Requirement: Damascus FX1 – Flexforce (riot gear to provide blunt trauma protection 
and a base/fundament for applying these parts)
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create these as they are not 
possible to acquire on the open market. Please see my prototype blueprints).
Coverage area: from wrist to elbow. 
Use the arm piece from your Damascus FX-1 FlexForce riot gear and simply apply the 
pieces of flexible Kevlar composite as referred to on the blueprint. This must be secured 
using hook/loop and nylon straps.
Aproximate cost: 30-50 Euro (if you have already paid for a riot gear system and other 
materials).
Hours of labour required: 7 
Part 7 – Ballistic shield (level III)
Hard armour: these consist of two kevlar composite panels, one piece of polycarbonate 
plate (5 mm thick) and is basically screwed together using 8 screws.  
Requirement: ballistic composite panel (2 pieces - 40 x 55 cm or whichever size you 
desire + 1 piece of polycarbonate (plexiglass) in the same size)
Difficulty level to create: EASY (it is suggested that you create this item as they are very 
hard to acquire on the open market. The ones available are quite heavy and very 
expensive. The weight should not surpass 5 kg for a level III shield with multihit 
capabilities.
Some ballistic shields are for sale to law enforcement officers/organisations. 
Unfortunately, they are very strict and require documentation that you are an official 
“system protector”.
These shields vary in weight but you can get them from 7-30 kg. They are quite 
expensive and the most inexpensive item I was able to locate (weighing 7 kg) costs 800 
USD.
Fortunately for us, it is quite easy to create a suitable, low weight ballistic shield. Simply 
use a part of the flexible ballistic composite plates/panel you ordered (level IIIA) and cut 
the material in the appropriate size. I chose 55 cm x 40 cm so it would fit my armour 
cache (Pelican 1620 case) which I am soon going to dig down together with all my other 
armour before I start my “weapon acquirement phase”. 
When you have cut the 2 plates/panels (40x55 cm) and ordered your 5 mm 
polycarbonate (PVC) plate from your nearest plastic-composite-supplier simply drill holes 
and screw the three plates together with your polycarbonate plate toward you. Create 
three nylon straps (2 pieces of 1 inch - 2 layers of nylon straps sewn together (28 cm) 
and one piece of 2 inch – 2 layers sewn together (35 cm). See blueprint template. You 
then apply the straps on the screws on the backside of the shield and fasten with 
matrixes. Two of the straps will be placed so that it will fit your arm while the last strap 
will be placed on the lower right to work as a support strap/handle. You can also apply a 
padded carrying strap so that you can hang the shield on your back while on the move. 
Use adhesive hook and loop material on the front side to apply insignias etc. and use a 
black, spirit based permanent marker for the metal colored screws and other 
inconsistencies in color (shield should be black like all other armour).
Congratulations, you now have a descent and lightweight ballistic shield (level III, 4 kg) 
with multi-hit capabilities for less than 100 Euro (50 Euro for polycarbonate plate, 15 
Euro for carrying strap, 10 Euro for screws/matrixes. Not counting the 700 USD cost for 
the original ballistic panel and the fees for the nylon straps). You may also apply razor 
sharp objects on it to act as a deterrent or emblems according to your specific mission. 
End note: I tried cutting the ballistic panel (into 11 pieces for the various armour pieces) 
with my electric jig saw. My saw is of poor quality so I had to go to a work shop 
(furniture cutter) to have it cut properly. This service cost 80 Euro. Be careful doing this 
as the cutting patterns would indicate that you are creating ballistic armour pieces. In 
retrospect, I found out that I could cut the ballistic panel by applying pressure and using 
sawing motions with very sharp objects.
Soft/hard armour blueprints
1. and 2. Ballistic Lower Arm Protector 
Number of pieces: 2 large, 2 small for both lower arms
Armour material: hard – flexible ballistic composite panel
Pouch used: no
Fastening mechanism: fastened on top of Damascus FX-1, Flexforce anti-blunt-trauma 
suit, lower arm piece with 1 out of 3 hard plastic shells. Fastened with 2; 2 cm nylon 
straps with female/male fastening clips and adhesive hook/loop straps in addition to the 
two existing straps provided by the FX-1.
Size of armour fabric/material  - “W” measuring widest possible position, “H” 
measuring highest possible position: 1: W: 19 cm, H: 34 cm, 2: W: 10 cm, H: 17 cm
3. Ballistic Deltoid Protectors 
Number of pieces: 2 
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: Fastened with 1; 4 cm, upper nylon straps (fastened to vest), 
on lower side fastened around arm with 4 cm nylon strap with hook/loop strap. It is 
possible to buy these pouches (no soft armour inserts from the US, try ebay etc.)
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 33 cm, H: 31 cm
4. Ballistic Axillary Protector 
Number of pieces: 2 
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: Fastened with 2; 4 cm nylon straps which is fastened on the 
inside of your vest with hook/loop material. You should also use a rubber strap on the 
lower side to connect with acillary protector on the opposite side of the body to ensure a 
good fit. 
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 33 cm, H: 32 cm
5. Ballistic Neck Protector 
Number of pieces: 1
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: Fastened on frontal side on the low side of your throat, with 2; 
2 cm nylon straps to inside of vest (depending on what type of vest you have, if you lack 
a neck protector integrated in your vest. 
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 25 cm, H: 9 cm
6. Ballistic Hip/butt Protector 
Number of pieces: 1
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: Simply buy a Web-tex Hip Pad from f. example polimil.co.uk 
and cut it in two (splitting it on the mid section and removing one mini-buckle). Then sew 
it together on the far ends so that it becomes “butt shaped. Then cut out the fill material 
and replace with layers of ballistic Kevlar fabric, stitch up, dye black and fasten on your 
belt. Some sewing required.
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: aprox 83 cm, H: 10-20 cm
7. Ballistic Groin Protector 
Number of pieces: 1
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar, can also use flexible ballistic 
composite panel
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: 2 straps (2 cm nylon straps) fastened in your belt. You should 
always sew on the straps on your pouch before inserting the soft armour.
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 31 cm, H: 24 cm
8. Ballistic Upper Leg Protector 
Number of pieces: 2
Armour material: hard – flexible ballistic composite panel
Pouch used: no
Fastening mechanism: fastened on top of Damascus FX-1, Flexforce anti-blunt-trauma 
suit, upper leg piece with hard plastic shell.
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 32 cm, H: 29 cm
9. Ballistic Knee Protector 
Number of pieces: 2
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: fastened on top of Damascus FX-1, Flexforce anti-blunt-trauma 
suit, knee piece with hard plastic shell. Sew 2 straps (2 cm nylon straps with a fastening 
mechanism to the pouch, and apply/sew adhesive hook/loop on backside of pouch and 
the plastic knee cup it is applied on.
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 24 cm, H: 14 cm
10. Ballistic Shin Protector 
Number of pieces: 2
Armour material: hard – flexible ballistic composite panel
Pouch used: no
Fastening mechanism: fastened on top of Damascus FX-1, Flexforce anti-blunt-trauma 
suit, leg piece with hard plastic shell. Fastened with 2 x straps (2 cm nylon strap) and 
one (4 cm nylon strap) with fastening mechanisms + some adhesive hook/loop straps.
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 27  cm, H: 25  cm
11. Ballistic Boot Protector 
Number of pieces: 2
Armour material: soft - 14 thick or 34 thin layers of Kevlar
Pouch used: yes
Fastening mechanism: Fastened with 1 strap (4 cm nylon strap with sewn on hook 
strap which is fastened to sewn on loop strap as indicated on blueprint. Can also add 
more hook/loop to ensure it will stick to your boot once applied/fastened. Cut off the 
Damascus FX-1 boot modules when using this boot protector (it is useless and too 
clumpy anyways).
Size of armour fabric/material  - W: 51 cm, H: 23 cm
End note to sizing of pouches: pouches should be +2 cm on each side of the above 
measurements for those pieces which indicate “pouch”. Also, just skip the interior pouch 
altogether (an internal pouch made of vinly is usually put inside the outher shell pouch 
(cordura nylon) in order to easily take out the armour insert in cases where you need to 
wash the outher shell (Iraq, Afghanistan duty involving a lot of sweat). However, you will 
not use the equipment long enough to require any washing etc. Keep all ballistic material 
AWAY from water though as it results in disintegration of the material fabric structure and 
as such,weakens the ballistic value over time.
Sewing tips: for those pieces requiring pouches; it doesn’t hurt to cut the cordura 
nylon material in even larger sizes. Sew it around the soft/hard armour inserts and just 
cut most of the excess material with a scissor when you are done sewing. If you plan 
accordingly you should try to take advantage of an electric sewing machine instead of a 
handheld sewing machine as this will save you a lot of time. Also, try to acquire heavy 
duty (thick) nylon thread that is coated with a sticky substance, which will help a lot 
when sewing with a handheld, manual sewing machine. Always order black for all 
materials. Try to plan your “armour creating phase” properly so that you order all of the 
items combined. 
Here are some tools/equipment/materials you will need:
Heavy Duty Sewing Tool (you will need a lot more heavy duty thread)
http://www.ahh.biz/products/accessories/heavy%20duty%20sewing%20tool%20STH001.htm
Cordura Nylon 500
http://www.ahh.biz/products/cordura%20plus%20nylon%20fabric%20FCP050.htm
Nylon straps
http://www.ahh.biz/catagories/webbing.htm
Stick-On, Grippin Strip 
http://www.ahh.biz/catagories/hooknloop.htm
Cinch Locks for 4 cm nylon straps (2 inch)
http://www.ahh.biz/products/hardware/military/Locks_Cinch_Military_Style_1.625.htm
Cinch Locks for 2 cm nylon straps (1 inch)
http://www.ahh.biz/products/hardware/glides_and_locks/Locks_Cinch_Nickel_Plated_Steel_%28www.ahh.biz%29.htm
Side Release Buckles (1 inch), you’ll need 10 pairs
http://www.ahh.biz/products/hardware/Buckles/Buckles_Side_Release__Black_Plastic_%28www.ahh.biz%29.htm
Securing strap for Axillary Protector
http://www.ahh.biz/products/hardware/miscellaneous/Cord%20lock_0.125_Black_Plastic_%28www.ahh.biz%29.htm
+++
Adjusting/custom fitting your armour
When I started my armour acquisition phase I 
overestimated the weight and volume a person can 
carry without severely hampering mobility and 
combat readiness. I thought: “hey, I can wear 50 
kg of armour, transforming me into a human tank 
as long as I train hard enough and use a suitable 
steroid cycle”. Wrong… It is very important that you 
try out your gear along the way and test it while on 
the move to ensure that you are in fact able to 
move relatively comfortably in it for up to two 
hours. Take a walk around your flat for 15-30 mins 
and ensure that the items are in place after all 
types of bodily motions. You can add extra 
fasteners like hook/loop/Velcro if necessary. Don’t be shy when it comes to adhesive 
hook/loop strips (1 and/or 2 inches) and nylon straps (1 and/or 2 inches). I made several 
small miscalculations when planning/designing/creating my armour system and you will 
be able to avoid these and similar pitfalls if you follow this guide. I am certainly not a 
master armourer but I have managed to learn a lot about armour structure and design 
techniques. However, there is always room for improvement. 
Miscalculation 1: I was unable to use the chest piece of the Damascus FX-1 as a base 
anti-blunt trauma layer under my primary ballistic vest and my plate carrier. The reason 
was that I had underestimated the weight, volume AND thus the mobility disabling 
effects of these two vests combined. As a result it simply became too bulky to apply and 
equipping the armour would have required the assistance of a helper. My primary vest 
weighs 4,5 kg (no plates, only soft armour) and my plate carrier vest weighs 13,5 kg (2 
XL ESAPI plates level IV, 2 ESBI side plates level IV + plate carrier and various 
molle/modular attatchments (pouches for 6 grenades – splint/smoke/flash, 1 back pouch 
for 1,5 litre camelback, 1 medic pouch, 1 gas mask pouch, 3 other pouches).
Miscalculation 2: I miscalculated the weight that is practically possible to wear for combat 
readiness. As a result, I had to discard two extra neck protector pieces and a groin 
protector piece, in addition to materials gathered for a hip piece (padded war belt with 
level IIIA ballistic armour.
Miscalculation 3: I underestimated the cutting power of my electric jig saw which resulted 
in me having to have the ballistic panel pieces for my leg armour and shield 
professionally cut at a work shop. You can prevent this by borrowing or buying a more 
professional jig saw.
Mistake 4: not really a mistake, but I ordered a lot of material and 4 armour pieces (two 
side plate carriers with soft armour and two neck protectors. In addition, the Kevlar 
inserts in the deltoid and axillary protectors in addition to the groin protector were pretty 
rotten and had to be replaced with new Kevlar fabric (30 layers). Total price of the 
surplus/discarded goods were around 800 Euro.
Moving around in heavy armour – specific training required – marching/fitness 
walk
You will quickly get an idea which of your muscles you will stress when moving with so 
much armour. You should immediately begin specific strength training for the purpose of 
moving for 1-2 hours in heavy armour (depending on your mission). I originally though; 
“hey, why not fill all the molle/modular pouches with iron bolts and just wear it under a 
poncho while taking a walk”... While the idea isn’t bad, you should consider the fact that 
exercising outside with anything resembling military related items may cause suspicion 
and a subsequent call to your national intelligence agency. I ended up on a slightly 
different path with my exercise schedule. After my first test cycle of danabol I had gained 
9 kg of muscles in only 6 weeks. The results where phenomenal to say the least. And this 
was only with 3-4 days of bodybuilding per week. I then chose to start armour training or 
so called march walk/fitness walk. I basically just bought two backpacks (40-80 litre 
packs), one in front and one in the back. I had already weighed my armour which 
totalled 18 kg frontal weight and 9 kg back weight. I then basically just went to the 
nearest beach and gathered 50 kg of rocks and placed 18 kg in the front pack and 9 kg in 
the back. It looks a bit silly but shouldn’t cause any suspicion for the most part. I may 
add extra rocks as I progress with my armour training programme. At the day of the 
operation I should have acquired an approximate feel on how to move around in heavy 
armour due to my simulation exercises. 
Armour weight calculation and administration:
-
Myself: 91 kg (75 kg standard weight, + 3 kg of surplus fat (hey, chocolate is good for 
morale!:P), + 5 kg of pre-steroid muscle mass + 9 kg of muscle mass acquired from test 
steroid cycle last 4 weeks using danabol alone. And yes I know: I would have managed to 
gain +5 kg of lean muscle mass if I had added test prop to the DBOL… I may use it on the 
last cycle.)
-
Vest 1: 4,5 kg
-
Vest 2: 13,5 (with molle pouches and 2 ESAPI plates and 2 ESBI plates)
-
Helmet with visor: 3 kg
-
Deltoid protectors: 1 kg
-
Axillary protectors: 1 kg
-
Groin Protector: 0,5 kg
-
Leg armor: 2 kg (including upper leg, knees, shins, boot armour)
Total weight of armour: 25,5 kg
(Tip: just use your household weight when weighing your equipment, for low calibration 
weights just wear the specified armour/gear and subtract your body weight)
Additional items
-
Primary weapon with holographic sight + 3x flip-up magnifier + green laser: 4,5 kg
-
Secondary weapon with green laser: 0,7 kg
-
1,5 litre of water (in a camelbak water pouch): 1,5 kg
-
Mobile Ballistic Shield: 4-5 kg
-
6 x Banana clips 30 rounds - 5.56 or 7.65: 6 kg
-
4 x small clips 30 rounds – 9 mm for side arm: 2 kg
-
10 x Grenades (splint, smoke, flash), gas mask, medic supply etc: 4-5 kg
-
Base layers: boots, “skins” compression suit (leggings + long sleeve), boxer, tactical 
gloves, socks: 1,2 kg
Total weight of additional items: 23,4-25,9 kg
Total weight of all items: 48,9-51,4 kg
Obviously, this is simply too much for me or for any one person to carry on most tactical 
missions even if you are well trained and on steroids and ECA stack. Some people are of 
course more fit than others and have the ability to carry more without it impairing 
mobility too much. But as a general rule, you should never carry more than 30 kg of 
equipment on you when combat ready and initiating your operation. The optimal combat 
ready weight would be no more than 15 kg of equipment.
Mobility and the element of surprise is the Justiciar Knights most important asset so we 
must ensure that we are not impaired too much when it comes to mobility. 
Always remember that it will take the SWAT team 10-40 minutes to reach you. Until 
then, you only have to face poorly equipped system protectors. So if possible, try to 
divide your operation into several phases where you start out with an acceptable amount 
of equipment and pick up some additional items from another location (Starting point to 
pickup point 1, 2 and 3). Calculate so that you know when to expect the SWAT team 
(probably not before pickup point 1 or perhaps pickup point 2.
A good idea might be to start with limited equipment (3-4 banana clips, 1-3 grenades, no 
shield, no gas mask, and perhaps even no plates (Vest 2 -13,5 kg) at all. As you progress 
(depending on the nature of your operation) you may pickup this equipment later as you 
expect to encounter the SWAT operators at the end of your course. 
Important sites for body armour leads acquirement:
Alibaba.com is a great site for finding Chinese, Indian suppliers and other suppliers from 
especially the second world countries. There are literally hundreds of Chinese companies 
who has copied European body armour technology and is selling them at a lower cost. 
Often, you will have to pose as a wholesale importer which then orders “samples”. This is 
often the only choice as many Chinese companies only offer wholesale (larger orders) 
and not retail (single orders).
Ebay for bits and pieces. 
Individual retail sites (Israeli sites are great) for other equipment. If you have problems 
ordering online or want to take extra precaution simply visit a country where mil spec 
body armour is readily available (US, Israel) and simply find a proxy buyer. A guy you 
pay a fee to in order to purchase for you. 
Miscalculation 1: After testing; I have concluded that DBOL can be counterproductive to 
use for battle. The reason is that up to 50% of your weight gain is water/liquid retention 
which does little for your strength and agility and only adds more weight for you to 
“carry”. This can be countered by switching DBOL as the primary steroid with f example 
testosterone propionate (test prop) as you will only get a fraction of the water retention 
with the latter. Alternatively, you may use Aromasin in combination with DBOL to 
suppress the “bloat” (water retention). This will ensure that 80%+ of your gains are 
muscles with minimal water retention. You can further reduce the “water-gain” by 
limiting sodium (salt) and carb intake. Another option is to use DBOL for the first 3 weeks 
and Winstrol for the last 3 weeks in order to get rid of the water while still keeping your 
muscle gains. There are tens of various combinations out there with multiple brands and 
types of steroids. Just find an option that suits you. The important thing, after all, is to 
biologically enhance your physique in order to ensure that you have the optimal chances 
to succeed in the operation.
Additional info
Deltoid Outer Shell (One of two DAPS parts – Deltoid & Axillary Protector System, 
brand: Point Blank): size: 34 cm wide x 33 cm length, one wide nylon strap with velcro 
on top, and one similar for strapping on the inside of arm
Groin Protector Outer Shell (Interceptor): size: 24 cm wide x 33 cm length 
Throat Protector Outer Shell (Interceptor): size: 25 cm wide x 9 cm length, one nylon 
strap at both ends of width, one nylon strap on middle low.
See this list of modern body armour components (modular tactical vest):
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Modular_Tactical_Vest_components.jpg
A complete body armour system (often referred to as MTV – Modular Tactical Vest or 
IOTV – Improved Outer Tactical Vest consists of some of the following parts (listed after 
importance):
When establishing a paramilitary organization later on in phase 1 or phase 2 with a 
conventional command hierarchy it is advised that 1-2 “armourers” are appointed and 
trained (by studying this guide) as it generally requires some level of competence and 
experience to create/sew multiple sets of armour within a reasonable time limit. I spent 4 
months in my armour acquirement phase due to the fact that I basically had to “re-
invent” the wheel as I was unable to find any proper step-by-step guides. With my 
current knowledge I could to the same in just a few weeks and at a significantly lower 
cost. These trained armourers (armour-tailorers) will be very valuable for any 
conservative revolutionary movements.
Buying ballistic Kevlar fabric
There are several distributors across the world offering ballistic Kevlar fabric. There are 
several types of fabric, thick and thin. The fabric used in the Interceptor system (US 
military, Afghanistan/Iraq forces) consists of 30-34 layers of a very thin type of Kevlar 
fabric. I have been unable to confirm this but I believe 12 layers of the “thicker” Kevlar is 
equivalent to level IIIA. I was unable to acquire that specific fabric (thin version) but 
managed to find a Chinese, a European and a US distributor of other brands. Other 
variations of Kevlar fabric are considerably thicker than the Interceptor Kevlar and thus 
require fewer layers to create level IIIA protection. Ill describe the fabric I ended up 
purchasing (sold directly from the distributor or via the distributors ebay account):
Seller: Infinity, site: www.armorco.com
Kevlar® 29 Style 745 Bullet Resistant Fabric. It is made from DuPont(TM) Aramid Yarn and woven into 
a fabric on weaving looms. It is used primarily in the Safety & Personal Protection Markets. It can be 
found and used in a number of personal protection applications including but not limited to: Bullet 
Resistant Vests, Car Armor, Cockpit Door Armor, Bullet Resistant Panels and many non-ballistic 
Industrial uses.  
SPECIFICATION: Fabric Specs: Weight: 14oz. Sq.yd... Width: 50 inch width... Denier: 3000... Weave: 
Plain... Thickness: 24.1 (mils) 0.61 (mm)... Breaking Strength: Length & Width Directions( Length}: 
1600 (lbf/in) (Width): 1800 (lbf/in)... Thread Count: 17 x 17
Kevlar can be sewn into multiple plies and is not needle resistant, it can be glued using a polyurethane 
based glue, it can also be used with Epoxy resins and vacuum bagged in laminating applications. 
KEVLAR FABRIC -   It is perfectly legal to own, possess, transport or ship Bullet Resistant Kevlar fabric 
in all 50 U.S. States and the EU. As such; anyone can legally buy ballistic Kevlar fabric and create/sew 
their own level IIIA armour.
End note:  Obviously, it takes multiple plies/layers of this fabric to make something bullet resistant. I 
strongly suggest buying Kevlar Scissors from the same site as normal scissors will not do the job 
properly.
I bought the following ballistic material from one supplier: infinityfrp.com or their 
subsidiary: armorco.com (10 yards/9 meters of Kevlar fabric) and infinitycomposites.com 
or their subsidiary: armorco.com (flexible level IIIA Kevlar composite plate)
I bought 1 flexible composite plate with black rubber lamination measuring aprox: 1,4 x 
1,4 meters. I told them to cut it into 4 pieces in order to reduce shipping cost from 600 
to 150 USD. Price of the composite plate: aprox 700 USD.
I also bought 10 yards (35 USD per yard) of ballistic Kevlar fabric. You actually get a lot 
more fabric than a square yard as the width of the fabric is 1,27 meters and is delivered 
on a roll. 8 yards was enough for 4 layers of DAPS (deltoid protector + axillary protector) 
fortification/enhancement, ballistic girdle/belt (protecting hips and butt - 12 layers), 2 
knee protectors (14 layers) and 2 boot protectors (12 layers)
Dying nylon fabric (for dying camo colored ballistic outer pouches)
You will often find that you are only able to acquire camo colored items, in which case 
you will have to dye the items black. I did the mistake of importing “black spray-on dye” 
from the UK, which proved to be worthless. Keep in mind that all body armour Kevlar 
hard shells/pouches are made of nylon, which do not absorb normal water based fabric 
dye intended for cotton based fabric. You will need to choose one of the two following 
options in order to dye nylon fabric:
1. Buy specialized nylon die which is applied through hand wash or machine was process. 
This process can be quite messy.
2. Simply buy large permanent markers (spirit based) and order additional refill. 
I chose option 2. And due to the fact that I failed to plan the dye phase properly I ended 
up buying 12 large black permanent markers (spirit based). 12 markers was enough to 
dye 6 items (1 vest, 4 DAPS pieces, 2 axillary + 2 deltoid protection outer pouches and a 
couple of other smaller pieces. 12 permanent markers retail for 112 Euro. If you plan 
accordingly you only need to order 1 large black permanent marker + refill which will 
cost you 20 Euro.
Keep in mind that the items that are dyed will cause the items to smear ink on your skin 
and other surfaces. This is quite annoying and a clear drawback when using permanent 
markers for dying vs. more complex nylon dying techniques. The result will be that you 
will have to wash of your skin and ruin a few t-shirts/boxers each time you try on your 
armour system. If I knew the ink would smear so much I would have spent more time 
researching the conventional nylon dying technique.  
European body armour stores
vestguard.co.uk
knifeandbulletproof.co.uk
ukbodyarmour.com
safeguardclothing.co.uk
tacgear.se
bonowi-shop.de
tactic24.de
einsatzmittelshop.de
security-versand.net
cop-gmbh.de
polas24.de
shop-engarde-germany.de
(asmc.de)

