# 3.33 Related tactical equipment and miscellaneous

> 原文页码: 881-887

German search words:
Bullet proof vest = kugelsicheren Weste
Body armor = Körperpanzer
Ballistic vest = Ballistische Weste
Body protection = Körperschutz
Tactical vest = Überziehschutzweste
Israeli stores
Israeli-weapons.com
zahal.org
Chinese stores
Many Chinese body armour stores are found on alibaba.com
US stores
Export restrictions on all body armour to Europe. The only alternative is to travel there 
and buy the items yourself for personal export (Im not 100% sure whether you need 
citizenship or not though). As noted, it’s illegal to export body armour from the US to 
Europe but I can’t imagine that the fines will be very high if caught by US customs. It is 
perfectly legal to import body armour to Europe, Italy being the the only current 
exception to my knowledge. 
General tips
Buy a solid level IIIA vest from one of the above stores (I would recommend the IDF 
Official Army vest (Israel) as it offers superior coverage, including neck/shoulders, and 
extra layers of Kevlar – IIIA+) and create the rest of the items yourself, as you will have 
a hard time ordering them.
3.33 Related tactical equipment and miscellaneous 
Combat gear - base layers 
Base layers include boots, gloves, boxer, socks and any “under armour” compression 
clothing you will want to use. 
Boots
Let’s start with the boots; you need black urban assault boots (not camo or any long 
distance “forest boots”). The boots should facilitate the attachment of a spur/spike on the 
back of the boots in order to use as a weapon for anyone assaulting you from behind. 
Also, the boots should incorporate some anti-blunt-trauma material which will help you to 
withstand any gunshot hits you might suffer (the ballistic boot protector in combination 
with good boots will be optimal).
The following are examples of boots that will suit your needs:
ATAC Shield Boot 8” (511tactical.com)
I chose the XPRT Tactical Boot 8" Boot due to the fact that they didn’t have the above in 
my size. Both offer a “Shock Mitigation System” and has received the highest of ratings. 
Prices range from 130 to 180 USD. I bought mine from polimil.com, a great distributor 
with a wide range of products.
http://www.511tactical.com/browse/Home/Law-Enforcement/Boots/XPRT-Tactical-Boot-8-Boot/D/30100/P/1:100:10000:10700/I/12201
Socks
X-Socks Speed Metal or any other expensive high-tech sport socks available 
http://www.trailspace.com/gear/x-socks/speed-metal-sock/
Description: help cool your feet during a long, hot run with X-Sock's Xitanit conductive 
technology. The X-Sock Speed Metal Running Sock incorporates heat-conducting fibers, 
air-conditioning airflow channels, and supportive blister-reducing bands to keep your feet 
supremely comfortable, mile after mile. It sounds really techy-and it is. You'll also find 
that it makes a great difference.
Skins Compression gear
I would highly recommend Skins Long Sleeve Top and the Skins Compression Leggings
Top: http://www.polimil.co.uk/acatalog/Skins___Sport_Long_Sleeve_Crew_Neck_T_Shirt__49_89.html
Leggings: http://www.polimil.co.uk/acatalog/Skins_Sport_Compression_Leggings__58_95.html
Benefits with Skins compression gear:
Will enhance your performance in training and recovery and give you an edge over your 
opponents (SWAT and regular system protectors).
They enhance circulation from engineered gradient compression which assists in reducing 
lactic acid build-up. A precision fit (choose your size from their size chart) based on your 
body mass index algorithm. Focuses muscle power and dramatically reduces muscle 
vibration. Moisture management wicking draws moisture away from your skin keeping 
you dry. Optimises your body temperature in warm or cool conditions. The top changes 
the shape of the diaphragm and encourages better posture which acts as a respiratory 
aid and improves performance. During aerobic activity where muscles need the body to 
process more oxygen a Skins top will help the wearer to breathe into the upper chest 
cavity and effectively take larger breaths. 
Long sleeve top and leggings costs from 135 -180 Euro.
Assault Gloves
Hatch Operator Tactical Gloves SOG http://www.hatch-corp.com/detail.aspx?pid=SOG-600/650/700/750/800
Designed by and specifically for military use, this glove allows you to perform with 
surgical precision. The ergonomic fit and tactile sensation found in these gloves are 
unmatched.
-
Constructed of goatskin leather palms and sewn with abrasion, cut and heat-resistant nylon thread
-
Goatskin provides superior abrasion and tear resistance over cowhide or sheepskin, yet offers a 
comparable thickness for comfort and durability
-
KEVLAR® construction provides cut resistance, heat, and flash protection
-
Cut-ring stitching allows optional removal of the index finger for trigger control without unraveling the 
remaining edge
Defensive spikes
Boot spike
Black & Decker X61501 13 mm Countersink Bit
http://www.tikproducts.co.uk/black--decker-x61501-13mm-countersink-bit-13mm-27501-p.asp
I successfully attatched the following “spike” on the backside, using a size 5 drill (the 
spike attachment pin is size 5,3 so it was a perfect match.
 Tepes Revenge - Defensive Steel Impaler
The name is taken from Romanias most famous 
historical Crusader, Vlad Tepes, who impaled tens of 
thousands of Muslim invaders in the Balkans. The 
following defensive melee weapon is inexpensive and 
quite easy to create and is especially designed for 
one-man-cells where there is a high operational risk 
of being assaulted from behind or from one of the 
sides. The stationary defensive spikes primary 
function is to work as a deterrent, in order to 
discourage anyone from assault you. However, 
should someone choose to attack you from behind, 
he will most likely try to lock your arms in a standard 
“locking manouvre”. With one or more Tepes 
Revenge attached to your back vest you can easily 
impale and injure the attacker with only a little motion required from your end. The 
likelyhood of successful impaling is high as Tepes Revenge consists of 4 blades – 2 bent 
at 90 degrees and 2 bent at 130 degrees. 
1-4. Staples letter opener/knife x 4 – 25 cm long with wooden handle/two holes, the 4 
letter openers are bent as illustrated after removal of the wooden handles. 
5. 2 x metal ruler or similarly shaped object
6. The fabric TR is attached to
7. 2 screws with nuts
8. A smaller spiked item made of iron and sold in larger hardware stores/house building 
stores. I don’t exactly remember what the this type of “nail” is called but it is used to 
fasten large wooden beams in house-building. This item can be fastened to your lower 
arms by drilling two holes through and fastening it to your lower-arm-protector with screws 
and nuts. Range of nail varies but aprox 15-20 cm is iptimal. For additional stabilization you 
may use circular plates with holes in them (they look like a coin with a size 5 hole in it.
Costs: 4 x letter openers/knives: 25 Euro, metal ruler: 12 Euro, screws with nuts: 19 
Euro, 2 x iron beam nails: 5 Euro
End note: Tepes Revenge should be fastened on the upper side of your back to counter 
any conventional assault maneuvre from behind, where the attacker attempts to lock 
your arms or grab you around the neck. This can be very useful when your operation 
involves the assault on a crowd, where there is a chance that the situation can develop 
chaoticly and there are people on all sides. In a scenario like this, TR may prevent any 
surprices from behind. The knives should be sharpened and coloured black with a 
permanent marker. 8. Should be fastened on your lower arms so that you may 
defensively stab with them if assaulted if you are unable to use your primary or 
secondary fire arm. You may fasten TR to your combat vest. Just keep in mind that it will 
prevent your mobility in cases where you need to f example drive a car. An alternative for 
fastening TR to your combat vest is to attach it to a wide nylon strap, supported by f 
example a metal ruler and/or hook & loop material. In this case you will have to wear it 
as a belt, just on your chest/upper back. Simply take it off as you are entering a vehicle. 
Caltrops – immediate vehicle-disabling road block
A caltrop (also known as caltrap, galtrop, cheval trap, galthrap, galtrap, calthrop, crow's 
foot) is an anti-vehicle weapon made up of two or more sharp nails or spines arranged in 
such a manner that one of them always points upward from a stable base.
These ancient weapons may be thought of as the landmines of antiquity, useful to shape 
the battlefield and force the enemy into certain paths and approaches, or to provide a 
passive defense as part of a defensive works system. Caltrops served to slow down the 
advance of horses, war elephants, and human troops. They were said to be particularly 
effective against the soft feet of camels. In more modern times, caltrops are used against 
wheeled vehicles with or without pneumatic tires.
The best caltrops available against vehicles are hollow spikes which puncture self-sealing 
rubber tires. The hole in the center allows air to escape even if the other end of the tube 
is sealed by soft ground.
These caltrops can be ordered from the following supplier:
http://www.alibaba.com/product-free/103280388/Tire_Spikes_Caltrop_CIA.html
Paypal: supertek2007@hotmail.com
Sergio Anaya, Guadalajara Mexico
Prosperity Technologies, Inc.
Street Address: Privada San Carlos 1044
City: Zapopan
Province/State: Jalisco
Country/Region: Mexico
Zip: 45236
Telephone: 52-331-4875439
Mobile Phone: 3314875439
Prices vary from 3-5 USD per caltrop depending on the amount you order. Keep in mind 
that you will use approximately 10-20 caltrops to effectively create a vehicle-disabling 
roadblock.  
Caltrops are very useful for certain missions where it is necessary to either escape (use 
on free-way to prevent pursuit), to block of roads or to cause havoc in situations where 
you want to prevent system protectors from pursuing you. 
Usually, shipments by courier (fedex, UPS etc.) will have a higher chance of not being 
seized. The sellers are familiar with import restrictions and will usually mark the 
shipment with “metal handicrafts” or other vague descriptions. I ordered 60 caltrops.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caltrop
LED police lights 
These are used to mimic system protector vehicles. They are very useful for confusing 
system protectors/guards/civilians on f example your second target and thus prevent 
them from shooting at your car. The LED police lights should be used in combination with 
car magnets.
http://www.extremetacticaldynamics.com/
Car magnets 
Car magnets are used to fasten logos etc on 1 – 4 sides of your car. You will often find it 
useful to print out (using a high quality colour printer) logos and glue them to the car 
magnets using plastic film. Very useful for certain missions. I ordered 12 in size 20 x 20 
cm and created the necessary logos in photoshop, and using a high quality print shop 
abroad (obviously paying by cash).
Smoke grenades (signal smoke) and various gun/army related items
Smoke grenades are usually used when you need to escape a location and/or when you 
are pinned down. They can also work as distractions.
www.asmc.de
4GB AEE PD80 Mini DV DVR Camera 
This extremely small and lightweight field camera is used to document your operation. 4 
GB is equivalent to 2 hour of constant filming. Ive personally tested it and it works great. 
Some governments may seize the movie (after you are neutralized) and publish it while 
others may bury it or even destroy it to protect the multiculturalist ideology. The reason 
is that they may regard any documentation from the Justiciar Knight as a mockery of 
their system. On the other hand, they may actually release the film to the press censored 
or even uncensored. You may want to bring 2 memory chips and attempt to mail one of 
them, if possible. You place the memory chip in a pre-made envelope (with stamps and 
the address of a pre-selected news desk that is likely to publish it uncensored). The best 
option would of course be to upload the digital movie via high speed internet (your 
Iphone) to a distribution site at the end of your mission. Unfortunately though, uploading 
1-2 GB would take at least 3-7 hours. Also, there is normally a 200MB-ish cap on email 
attatchments so sending the movie to 10-20 newsdesks is not yet an option due to 
technological limitations. This will off course change at some point in the future.
Sold on Ebay (Chinese producer)
Cost is 87 USD
Assault rig/molle rig
www.skdtac.com offers excellent chest rigs. However, there are numeours suppliers in all 
countries. 
Various armour parts/gun parts
www.israeli-weapons.com offers a lot of equipment not normally found in European 
stores.
Gas mask 
A gas mask is useful in situations where you are surrounded and flanked on all sides (f 
example inside a building) and you expect a SWAT team to strike against you. In most 
cases they will launch a CS strike (tear gas) 30 seconds before they ram the door and 
storm your position. With a gas mask and decent cover, you will be able to neutralize up 
to 5 system protectors before they manage to overwhelm you. SWAT teams have very 
little experience with professional freedom fighters and are usually used to criminals and 
gun desperados with little or no body armour, no insight and experience with SWAT 
tactics and little or no survival equipment. 
You need a compact gasmask with minimal weight. You should consider buying a Soviet 
gas mask (GP-5) as they fit the description and costs less than 10 Euro. They made 
millions and have been dumping them on the market for years. Western gas masks with 
the similar specs costs 100 Euro +. There are several suppliers selling these and some 
are continuously listed on ebay. I have been unable to confirm whether the filter is 
specifically effective against SWAT CS gas, but Im pretty sure it offers decent protection 
based on the description of the filter (nuclear, biological, chemical protection).
Cost – 25 Euro incl shipping.
Keyword: soviet military gas mask
http://www.campingsurvival.com/brnewinboxru.html
Blank patches – black
Used to place emblems or other logos (f example to mimic system protectors). 
Emblems/logos are printed, laminated and glued to the surface of the patches with 
adhesive double sided strips. You can order these patches with Velcro/hooks.  
Cost for 4 patches (2 large, 2 small): 100 Euro
 No minimum order):
http://www.customteampatch.com/
http://www.colorpatch.com/
Laser bore sights
Used to calibrate your weapon sight without firing your gun. Cartridge laser bore sights 
are inexpensive and relatively accurate. Weapon sight will still need fine tuning.
Opticsplanet.com
Garmin eTrex 
An inexpensive way to generate coordinates for the location where you dug down your 
caches.
Cost: 50-80 Euro
Ballistic helmet with ballistic visor
Israeli-weapons.com
Eotech Transverse XPS 2 Red Dot Sight / Non-NV
Cost: aprox 450 Euro
Opticsplanet.com
Ebay.com
EOTech G23 FTS 3x Black Magnifier Gen II w/ Flip To Side Mount 
Cost: aprox 500 Euro
Opticsplanet.com has an export restriction for this item so I bought it on ebay.
Money belt with secret pocket
Useful when traveling abroad and when you contact criminals individuals or networks 
(weapons acquisition). It limits the chances of being robbed.
Acquiring the appropriate drivers license 
Class 1: Regular car up to small truck (up to 1,2 ton cargo load only!). Aprox cost for this 
license is 2000-3000 Euro depending on the various Western European countries.
Class 2: Medium truck up to 7,5 ton max weight (up to 2,5 ton cargo load only!). Aprox 
cost is 2250-3250 Euro in addition to the cost for the class 1 license.
Class 3: Large truck (up to 5-8 tons cargo load). Aprox cost is 2500-3500 Euro.
Tips: if you don’t have a license yet, you have to first take class 1 and then take class 3 
(forget about class 2).
You should not drive around without a license as this will substantially increase the risk of 
apprehension and may cause a lot of problems. In addition, you will not be able to rent a 
truck from the rental companies without a valid driver’s license. You might think you are 
smart and buy a stolen truck (or steal one yourself). However, the added risk and costs 
involved will not weigh up for the alternative cost of getting your truck license the legal 
way. You should calculate aprox 2-3 months for the acquisition of a valid truck license if 
you already have the class 1 license. If you lack both you should estimate a 5-6 months 
acquisition time.
End note: as my cargo would be less than 1,2 tons per vehicle I disregarded upgrading 
my license and saved 4000 Euro.

