# 3.34 Weapons phase

> 原文页码: 888-891

3.34 Weapons phase
Smugling an assault rifle and other equipment across the border in your vehicle
Carve out a majority of the PVC foam in your rear car seats. You start by unscruing the 
seats (usually 2 screws per seat). It’s smart to check the advanced car manual for your 
car model online so you learn specifically how to detach the seat. I removed the two rear 
car seats, transported them to an appropriate location and started working on them. The 
fabric under the seat was attached with Velcro (hook-loop) so gaining access to the foam 
was easy. I then cut out enough foam which would ensure I had room for the weapon 
related equipment needed for the operation: 1 assault rifle, grenades, glock, ammo etc. 
When you disassemble f example an AK-47 you are able to reduce the length down to 65 
cm. Unfortunately for me, the seat was only 60 cm at its widest so If I end up buying an 
AK I will basically have to shorten the barrel by at least 5 cm. This can easily be done by 
bringing a hacksaw or another saw for cutting metal.
Overview of assault rifles with specs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_assault_rifles
Establishing your gun connection – the black market guns in Europe
Contrary to popular belief, European gun control does not mean that European citizens 
lack access to firearms. In fact, street prices of more common firearms in European 
capitals are not much higher than what one would expect to pay in a gun shop in the US. 
London has become famous for two things: Strict gun control and easy availability of 
firearms for their criminal classes. Generally, shopping for black market weapons on a 
small scale is not like browsing gun shops in places where the weapons are legal. 
Browsing is considered inappropriate and you must be prepared to buy once the 
connection is met.  Extended negotiation or waffling on a deal is inappropriate and more 
likely than not going to burn the possibility of any future contact with the other party. 
Selections are often very limited. Unlike a conventional commercial purchase, the buyer 
will probably not be able to dictate the make and model of a gun that he will buy, but will 
probably be able to request the type. The buyer can f example request an automatic or 
revolver, and dictate the caliber.  If the weapon is an assault rifle, the buyer will probably 
be able to pick the make and model, as long as it is some derivative of an AK.  
Smugglers will favor compact weapons that have a high profit ratio. This usually means 
handguns which are cheap in the source country and can be sold at a healthy enough 
markup for the chain of middlemen involved. The selection of guns available in London is 
a pretty good example of this.  
The Uzi pictured in this British illustration is probably not the model commonly available 
there, but the picture is meant to represent the four most available guns in London. 
Prices range from 200 to 300 British pounds but I suspect the Uzi is a little more.  The 
most likely Uzi models they have available are the full size ones. While the Brits credit 
the availability to the Israelis, they conveniently leave out that copies are in production in 
at least four other countries. This includes China, Croatia and quite possibly Iran.  
Source countries include most East European countries other than Poland and Russia, 
and China through middlemen. Rumor has it that many newer model quality guns on the 
black market are products of Croatia being marketed by a loose alliance of "former" 
intelligence agents also responsible for the infamous "Amsterdam cell phone gun" which 
is a handgun built to closely resemble a cell phone.  
What I have found is that immigrants tend to have more ready access than native 
Europeans, but the natives tend to have access to the more costly higher quality 
weapons.  
The other sources of black market guns in Europe are "repaired" guns that were once 
deactivated war trophies traded about by collectors. The craftsmanship involved in 
"reactivating" the war trophy guns makes them a costly item traded in antique collecting 
circles as a "special" item among close knit associates usually connected with retired 
military personnel.  
There is also a limited business in stolen military weapons, but it has been hard to 
determine how extensive it is. My guess is that it is pretty minimal given the high 
security at most military installations, although many ex-soldiers from the Russian army 
commonly take weapons with them to sell. In such cases, the weapons will usually be 
folding stock AK derivatives like the AK74 or AK 100.
What can prove even more difficult than obtaining guns in Europe is getting supplies of 
ammunition. The old rule of "buck a bullet" often applies. Sometimes (like in the UK) 
there is an "underground" of reloaders manufacturing ammunition from components on a 
small scale and secret indoor shooting ranges. Otherwise, the ammo is smuggled in and 
the smugglers expect to make a healthy profit.  
This select clientele is usually former military personnel employed as bodyguards and 
sometimes mercenaries. Unlike the US, mercenaries are openly recruited in several 
European countries. These people usually have better connections for weapons, but are 
more select and secretive about whom they deal with.  
I have been reading reports of Albanian and Middle Eastern heroin running gangs using 
heavier military weapons in France, including one apparent gang leader who fired several 
shots from an RPG-7 at police in a long drawn out car chase and gun battle at an 
apartment complex.   
The reality of the European black market arms situation is that the relative ease with 
which guns can be smuggled in from places where they are cheap
From what I have gathered, a number of connections for the guns are made the following 
ways:
•
At large parties and nightclubs, especially the "underground" nightclubs where narcotics are 
commonly available. These will be frequented by gangs, organized crime, and military 
deserters. 
•
Through professional bodyguards, mercenaries and the organizations that broker their 
services. This includes a number of the "bodyguard" and "mercenary" schools operating in 
Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, often through a loose alliance of "retired" 
military and intelligence personnel. Gaining the trust of these people can be difficult, but 
once they trust you, they can make almost anything available, up to and including combat 
aircraft. It can be very difficult to sift the bullshitters from the real players so don't put 
money up front until you can see some serious evidence that they can deliver.  
•
Through loose associations of militaria collectors and former gun collectors and dealers. 
Most are under active investigations by law enforcement, so they are usually pretty 
paranoid, but they do have access to the weapons.  
Those who I found often will not have access to weapons or have them but are unwilling 
to sell them off:
•
Political and "terror" organizations like the IRA and Orangemen. They have weapons, but 
jealously guard their contacts and almost never sell them off. Marxist organizations rarely 
sell weapons to anybody other than "fellow travelers" in allied Marxist organizations. The 
trick is to find the occasional deserter or corrupt individual in one of these organizations 
who can be convinced to give something up for cash or something of value. 
•
Anarcho-Nationalists: Skinheads and/or Neo Nazis. They may be ultra-violent, but they are 
mainly brawlers and vandals, not bomb makers or gunfighters. Weapons they use are 
usually improvised and disposable and nearly all arms dealers in Europe avoid dealing with 
the skinheads. They are usually under active investigation by any number of agencies thus 
it becomes very risky for most arms dealers to associate with them and thus what weapons 
the skinheads get, they rarely are willing to depart with. They do usually know where and 
how much the weapons cost, but are usually looking to make a connection rather than 
become the connection.   
In general, Revolutionary Conservative in Europe is often going to be on the same ground 
as the criminals until some events happen that separate the good people from the bad 
people.  That is not to say certain weapon permits are impossible to obtain in Europe. In 
fact, there is a growing international movement for the rights of citizen's to own weapons 
which is challenging Marxist policy in many west European countries.  
End note: Do not take unnecessary risks and lurk around in the back alleys in order to 
attempt to establish a gun connection. Rather, let your money work for you. When you 
believe you have found a connection, offer him 500-1000 Euro in order to help you 
acquire your “shopping list”. Chances are there that he at least will know someone with a 
connection. 500-1000 Euro might seem like a lot but at the end of the day; your well 
being is worth more than 1000 Euro and it can substantially decrease the risk of being 
robbed or even killed in extreme cases.
Assault rifle shooting ranges in Europe: Czech Republic, Poland and Switzerland 
There are only three European countries where it is legal to shoot an AK 47 and other 
assault rifles in Europe. A shooting range in Prague, Czech Republic has a limited 
license under supervision of fire range instructors where you can fire full automatic AK 
47, high powered sniper rifle M16 and other weapons. In Poland and Switzerland you 
may practice the AK 47 but only in semi automatic mode. For those of us with contacts 
within the Serbian and Armenian nationalist movements there are some opportunities in 
those countries as well. 
Outside Europe
The easiest and most secure way to be able to practice full automatic assault rifle 
shooting is to travel to Christian African countries. Never travel to Muslim countries as 
this is very dangerous even for our Marxist enemies! The likelyhood that European 
intelligence manages to find your name is significantly lowered if you train outside 
Europe. 
My suggestion
You don’t really need to practice on full auto mode. The most important thing is that you 
familiarise yourself with recoil in combination with high speed aiming. This can be done 
with semi automatic rifles or even with bolt rifles. You can legally buy a bolt rifle and/or a 
semi automatic rifle in most European countries and practice on a shooting range. I 
legally own a pump action shotgun, a 308 win bolt rifle (same caliber as the AK 47) and a 
semi-automatic Ruger Mini 14 and have managed to familiarize myself with high speed 
target acquisition in relation to the recoil by firing one round at a time. Automatic mode 
is not practical for 5.56 and 7.65 assault rifles as it is more or less impossible to 
accurately hit a target while “spraying” in one direction. Weapons like the MP5 is a totally 
different story however because the recoil of the 9mm bullet is much easier to handle 
without loosing the aim. Practicing with a similar caliber rifle is almost as good as 
becoming an expert at the real thing. Keep in mind that with the high tech red point 
(expensive versions), green laser and 3 x flip-up sight you are prepared for anything at 
medium range and you are not necessarily unprepared because you lack experience in 
full auto spraying. With the above sight equipment mounted on your assault rifle you will 
successfully manage to acquire and neutralize multiple targets at a minimum amount of 
time. Just ensure that you familiarise yourself with the recoil in relation to swift target 
acquisition and you will be prepared.
http://www.praguetouristguide.com/1-popular-AK_47_Kalashnikov.html
Other
Make your own Rifle Silencer:
http://www.wonderhowto.com/how-to-make-easy-homemade-rifle-silencer-300152/
How to disassemble an AK 47:
See Youtube.
European intelligence agencies taps mobile phones even if they are turned off
The technique is called a "roving bug", and was approved by the U.S. Department of 
Justice for the first time in 2003. These surveillance techniques are usually only used 
against potential terrorists and advanced organized crime syndicates. The eavesdropping 
technique functions whether the phone is powered on or off. Some handsets can't be fully 
powered down without physically removing the battery; for instance, some Nokia models 
will wake up when turned off if an alarm is set. Nextel, Samsung and Motorola are 
especially vulnerable. At this time it is unknown exactly which mobile phone models it 
works on so you should ensure that you ALWAYS physically remove the battery from your 
phone when you do not want your national intelligence agency to pinpoint your location 
or monitor your conversations through the audio device of the phone. 
If you want to read more about the “roving bug” technique you can read the whole story 
below.
Source:

