# 3.36 Safe storage of equipment in remote caches (elimination of evidence)

> 原文页码: 902-907

help you overcome the mental stresses. Physical fitness will give you the resources to 
cope with fatigue. The fitter you are the better you will survive. Start training now. 
It is important to treat any injury as soon as possible, but pain may have to be overcome 
and controlled in order to avoid the risk of further injury or death.
Severe bleeding
An adult has up to 6 litres. Loss of 0,5 litres of blood causes mild faintness, 1 litre causes 
faintness, increased pulse rate and shallow breathing. 1,5 litres leads to collapse, more 
than 2,25 litres can be fatal. Immediate steps must be taken to stop the flow of blood. 
Internal bleeding may not be apparent. If severe, it often leads to shock and can kill. 
Bleeding from veins and capillaries can be stemmed by simple pressure over the bleeding 
point, with or without a dressing. Ideally the wound should be covered with your bandage 
and taped to prevent blood loss. 
3.36 Safe storage of equipment in remote caches (elimination of evidence)
In general, equipment clearly associated with clandestine operations should not be stored 
in your home and/or secondary safe house. It is your responsibility to avoid being linked 
to anything incriminating. This goes for lofts, outhouses or any space related to the 
above. Counterintelligence searches and sweeps usually focus on the area close to your 
home/safe house even the property of your closest relatives. Portable caches are clearly 
the way to go. 
A minimum of 2 portable weapon/ammo/armour caches must be prepared.
Weapons, ammo and body armour caches:
Cache 1: primary and secondary weapon w. redpoint aim, ammo and grenades.
Cache 2: melee weapons, flame thrower (not tank) and a complete set of body armour 
parts including a bullet proof shield and a bullet proof helmet with vizier.
Explosive caches (if total of 2000-5000 kg):
Cache 1: 1000-2500 kg
Cache 2: 1000-2500 kg
Detonators should be stored separate considering the fact that they may contain 
electronic components. 
Water proof storing devices for weapon/ammo/armour
Apropriate storage cases/containers must be used. High quality travelling cases with a 
hard ”shell” are appropriate.  The cases must be high quality in order to ensure that the 
content is unharmed (from water, moist etc).
Water proof storing devices for explosive caches
This will prove to be more challenging. Try to get a hold of water/moist-proof crates with 
protective shells and store it in an outhouse, underground or any other appropriate 
location depending on quantity. 
Buy 2(3) water/moist proof storage cases
I spent approximately 12 hours researching various waterproof storage cases and ended 
up with three suitable alternatives; Pelican cases (US) and Explorer cases (Italy). I found 
Pelican cases to be the most viable option as a majority of models are available at 
significantly reduced prices through Ebay.
You want at least two containers - one for your weapons, one for your armour and 
alternatively, one secondary weapons/armour/equipment container. Considering the fact 
that you are going to store these two (three) cases underground (dug down 1-2 metres 
below the ground), the cases must be water and moisture proof and must be able to 
protect the equipment even after being stored for up to 2 years with temperatures which 
will vary from down to -20 to 5 degrees Celsius. 
Pelican cases are very suitable in this regard and they are considered to be one of the 
world's toughest watertight protective cases.
Specifications – all Peli cases
o
The cases are made out of a Polypropylene copolymer material that is light weight, 
durable and highly chemical resistant.
o
There is an o-ring in the lid and a Gore-Tex membrane in the pressure equalization 
valve that keep water out of the case.
o
Automatic pressure-purge valve. The Pressure Equalization Valve is a simple 
device. It consists of a housing with a hole through it that is covered with a thin 
Gore-Tex membrane. According to the Gore-Tex sheet: “The microporous expanded 
polytetraflouroethylene (ePTFE) membrane continuously allows the free passage of 
gases and vapours, equalizing the pressure differential between the enclosure and 
ambient before it builds to the point that a seal is compromised. Water, dust and 
dirt are repelled by the hydrophobic membrane, thereby protecting expensive and 
sensitive equipment”.
o
The o-ring is made of EPDM or Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer. It is well known 
for its excellent ozone, weathering and aging resistance. It also has excellent water 
and steam resistance, maintains its flexibility at low temperatures, features 
excellent resistance to alkalis, acids and oxygenated solvents and is very colour 
stable. EPDM is found in a wide range of applications and is excellent for use 
outdoors.
o
The cases will withstand temperatures from -23.3ºC (-10ºF) to +98.9ºC (+210ºF)
o
Neither dust nor water can penetrate this barrier and all Pelican cases are 
absolutely airtight. 
The following models will suit your needs:
Weapons container (W)
One of the longest assault rifles, the AK 47, is 89 cm in length so you want a container 
which is at least 100 cm. Also, the same container will be used to store your secondary 
weapon, clips, red point aim and ammo so the storage capacity of the container needs to 
fulfil those storage requirements.
Review of Pali cases: green indicates optimal size, blue is appropriate while red indicates 
an unsuitable size.
Peli 1720: 107 cm length x 34 width x 13 depth (optimal for W)
Peli 1780: 108 x 56 x 38 (optimal for T)
Peli 1750: 128 x 34 x 13 (too large but ok)
Peli 1740: 104 x 33 x 31 (high depth but ok)
Peli 1700: 91 x 35 x 13 (too small)
Peli 1730: 86 x 60 x 31 (too short)
Peli 1770: 138 x 39 x 22 (too large)
Armour container (A)
You will need sufficient room for a complete set of body armour parts, police insignia, 
including a small to medium bullet proof shield and a bullet proof helmet with vizier. You 
should also have enough room for melee weapons and a flame thrower in case your fail 
to complete your mission involving the acquirement of a conventional WMD. 
Peli 0370: 61 x 61 x 57 (very good, extra protection not needed though)
Peli 0500: 88 x 46 x 64 (same as above)
Peli 1630: 73 x 55 x 38 (very good, minus depth)
Peli 1640: 60 x 60 x 35 (very good, minus depth)
Peli 1660: 74 x 52 x 44 (optimal but too large to ship for USPS)
Peli 1690: 78 x 65 x 39 (very good)
Peli 1610: 56 x 43 x 27 (appropriate)
Peli 1620: 56 x 43 x 32 (appropriate for A)
Peli 1780: 108 x 56 x 37 (appropriate)
Peli 1730: 86 x 60 x 31 (not deep enough)
Peli 1770: 138 x 39 x 21 (not deep enough)
Peli 0340: 45 x 45 x 40 (too small)
Peli 0350: 50 x 50 x 47 (too small)
Peli 1550: 48 x 36 x 19 (too small)
Peli 1560: 51 x 38 x 23 (too small)
Peli 1600: 55 x 42 x 20 (too small)
Peli 1650: 72 x 44 x 26 (too small)
I ended up ordering a Peli 1720 (with foam) for weapons, a Peli 1620 (without foam) 
for armour and a Peli 1780 (without foam) as a secondary weapons/armour/equipment 
cache. These three cases would cost me a total of 2250 Euro if I purchased them from a 
local store (or 1500 Euro if I ordered them from the UK). Since I ordered them through 
Ebay (a seller in Cali, US) I managed to all three items (new) for only 630 Euro including 
shipping.
You should add a couple of desiccant silica gel packs in each case (a crystal that absorbs 
moisture) before you bury them and perpahs wrap each container in plastic:
Peli Desiccant Silica Gel (retail for 5 USD each, Ebay is your friend)
Peli Desiccant (Silica/Gel) absorbs dampness, prevents condensation from trapped air. This 
is a neat self-contained desiccator you can put in your case, to remove moisture from the 
air.
“The third equipment cache (T)”
“The third equipment cache” is in reference to an optional third storage depot which 
should contain a primary and a secondary weapon with silencer/red point aim, 1-3 
shock/splint grenades, armour penetrating ammunition, primary body armour, nutrients 
and stimulants (food/1-2 litres of water and a “camel back” to carry it in/1-2 Red Bulls, 
2-3 Stack/ephedrine pills), 1000-5000 Euros, basic survival equipment: stop-watch, 
lighter, knife, compass and a good map of the county/area/country in case you need to 
travel through forests to avoid potential road blocks. You may have to sleep under the 
stars for a couple of nights so consider adding a small, compact sleeping bag with some 
water protective material which will allow you to create an improvised tent. You must 
also include a back pack which will allow you to carry the above equipment and warm 
clothing/a disguise (a police uniform with forged police insignia/ID, mustache, glasses 
and a police cap/hat). If you encounter anyone it will be easy to explain that you are in 
pursuit of the suspect (the news story which explains that “you have escaped” will 
therefore act to your benefit as it will give credibility to your “cover story”. This 
equipment/gear will allow you to get to safety so that you may be able to execute the 
bonus mission, in a scenario where you manage to escape from prison. You must also 
remember to properly conceal a shovel close to the storage location as you will use it to 
dig up the actual container when the time comes. 
This depot is intended to work as a cache in a scenario where the Justiciar Knight 
survives his operation and where he faces apprehension and subsequent incarceration. 
When incarcerated, the Justiciar Knight should do everything in in his power to escape 
from prison. If he succeeds, he may initiate a “bonus operation” which consists of the 
assassination of 3-5 primary category B traitors/multiculturalists. Prior to his arrest he 
must acquire at least basic intel on his targets (picture, address, full name) so that he 
may execute his operation in a timely and professional manner (the 3-5 executions 
combined should take no longer than 1-3 hours). After the escape from prison and after 
the equipment is retrieved; the Justiciar Knight will expropriate a vehicle from a civilian 
and initiate his mission (if you fear there are road blocks you may want to sleep camp in 
the forrest for 1-2 days). It is essential that the Justiciar Knight memorises the intel and 
container location prior to apprehension. 
As for selecting the location for the container; you may want to consider choosing a 
storage location in close proximity to your country's most secure/high tech prison facility. 
This advice may however be counter productive as the system protectors of your country 
will acquire this intel and may implement counter measures. When incarcerated, the 
Justiciar Knight should publish his execution list on his blog (through his communications 
proxy on his support page/Knights Templar page) – 5 names. However, it must be noted 
that the publishing of the names is a PR stunt which is intended to influence the given 
individuals politically. As such, the 5 named category A or B traitors should not be 
hardened Marxists (as it is not realistic to influence them as they are often willing to die 
for Marxism) but rather suicidal humanists or career cynicists. This way, the publication 
of the names is likely to influence the individuals which may result in them officially 
changing political standpoints or resigning from office. This way, the Justiciar Knight 
through this very effective media stunt, is able to influence national politics in a positive 
way from the inside, prior to his escape. The published list of 5 names should include a 
disclaimer which explaines that they may be taken off the list if they denounce their 
multiculturalist/pro-Islamisation views. The true list should not contain these listed 
individuals as they are likely to be placed under armed police guard shortly after the 
point of your escape. Approximately 10-20 of our most attractive targets in given country 
are likely to be under armed police guard so choose 5 targets that are not likely to be 
selected for armed protection. The actual 5 targets may be any category A or B  traitors; 
hardened influential Marxists, or multiculturalist career cynisists or suicidal humanists.   
End note: to any prison guard, police officer or other law enforcement officer reading 
this; know that it is your duty to indirectly facilitate any and all Justiciar Knights (look the 
other way when the time comes, blame incompetence or ignorance). You should know by 
now that we, the patriotic Justiciar Knights, are fighting the good fight, YOUR FIGHT, for 
you, so that you and your family may have a chance to live in a future society that is not 
suffering under or is controlled by Islam. If you contribute to the persecution or 
apprehension of a Justiciar Knight, know that you are not only betraying your country, 
your people, your culture, your identity and your ancestors. You are betraying your self 
and your children as well! So when the time comes, look the other way. That is all we 
ask.
Cache locations:
These portable cases should be dug down in locations where you will have access to them 
(not necessarily easy access). Location should be in the most deserted location possible, 
optimally where no one is allowed to walk freely (national parks – private forests, areas 
with limited access and where there are few metal detector enthusiasts). Save the 
encrypted GPS coordinates for each location at a safe place (not in your home/safe 
house). 
Tips for securing a case underground/creating an underground cache:
Estimate at least one full day, preferably two full days. You’re going to be completely exhausted 
after 5 hours of hard labour so it is better to budget two full days. Just remember to cover the site 
properly after day one.
Bring the following gear:
Solid digging shovel (rectangular shovel heads won’t do), saw (for cutting underground roots if 
needed), large backpack, compass, GPS (optional, depends if you are 100% certain you will 
remember the location or not), pen/paper, proper clothing and boots (Skins compression leggings 
+ long sleeve worked great), mosquito net/oil, at least 3 litres of water, enough food, 4 x 4 meter 
plastic cover to store the unearthed dirt on (this is also important in relation to covering your 
tracks), working gloves (to avoid blisters and to dig by hand in certain contexts if needed), a knife 
and a large plastic bag to cover the case before you refill the hole.
Additional tips:
-
For Justiciar Knights in countries who lack large desolate forests (basically every European country, the UK 
and Ireland included) you should dig during night time (from dusk until dawn) in a national park to ensure 
privacy. Choose weekdays instead of weekends as many people are hiking on Friday and Saturday. Also, 
you should try to select a site far from any trail as there are many hikers with dogs. Also, keep in mind 
that most metal detectors has a limited range of 1 metre so choose your location carefully. It is critical 
that no one sees you during this process as it would be an invitation to loot your dig site at a later point in 
time. If you are spotted before you are able to conceal the site, you basically have to cancel the digging 
operation, retract your load and start the process all over again at another site.
-
You don’t have to necessarily dig vertically. It can be time conserving to dig semi-horizontally if the terrain 
allows it (this was actually what I ended up doing to save time).
-
Budget at least 1 full hour for the “concealment phase”. It is ESSENTIAL that you cover your tracks 
properly: compress the dirt you are refilling (by applying pressure with your boot) to avoid unevenness in 
the soil after the first rainfall. Then, conceal the dig site with leaves and branches in a natural looking way. 
-
Finally, re-bend the branches and bushes you might have bent during the process 
Nevertheless, I’m still concerned that somehow water will break the air tight rubber seal on the 
case as it is currently underground, but I rest assured that the Pelican guarantees are correct.
Storing and securing of other incriminating information/items
You should never be in possession of incriminating information, plans, schematics etc. 
Memorise vital information to avoid being in the possession of ”physical evidence”. 
Consider getting an “electric hard drive destruction device”. Bashing your “hd” with a 
sledgehammer or submersing it in liquids will not suffice. You must do everything 
possible to avoid being in possession of critical communications or other material. 
Electronic information you need access to at one point should be stored in mobile storage 
pins and extremely well hidden. At one point or another you will be in possession of 
incriminating items or information. Make sure that you immediately relocate these 
items/electronic information to external safe caches which can not in any way be linked 
to you (if they are discovered). Avoid leaving fingerprints or dna on such items if 
possible. 
Preparing explosives
Once you have all necessary components in order to create the explosive devices plan 
ahead of the launch date. Budget a set amount of days for the assembly of the bomb 
prior to the day of operation. F example; day of operation is February 7th on a Monday. 
Plan ahead and make sure you have sufficient time to assemble the bomb. 
You should have a lock-up garage or another appropriate ”safe location” for preparing 
and arming the explosive devices. Optimally, it should not be the same location as you 
use for storage of other equipment.
Making a test device
You need to make a test device (mini-bomb) to ensure that you have understood all 
processes and to test the materials/components you have gathered/made. The test 
version should not exceed 50 kg. Find a remote area far away from any city (police 
station, road cameras etc). Detonate, inspect the location (gather up any wires etc, 
conceal the “whole” if possible) and get away from the location as fast as possible. You 
should plan an advanced exit strategy. 
Providing equipment – weapons, ammunition, armour and explosives 
In preparation of operations the gear and equipment will be gradually acquired as it will 
be difficult to acquire everything on demand. This process can take from 2-24 months 
depending on the desired equipment. 
Weapons, ammunition, armour 

