# 3.37 Using foreign “black markets” when acquiring equipment

> 原文页码: 908-909

There are two different approaches you can use when attempting to aquire 
weapons/armour/explosives. Using other European nationalist organisations or using 
criminal networks. The most pragmatic approach would probably be by using the latter. 
The reason is that many nationalist organisations are thoroughly monitored by National 
Intelligence Agencies. The approach you wish to go for is entirely up to you. Be prepared 
for some failures when pursuing this mission (if you don’t have any contacts). 
End note: It is possible to buy certain armour through Ebay and similar services. Keep in 
mind though that it is often not allowed to sell “complete armour” so you have to buy 
carriers (empty vests with no plates) from one provider and plates (metal, ceramic or 
Honeywell Goldflex plates from a separate supplier. These plates are often sold as 25 x 
30 cm. You should try to get larger if possible and you should choose at least III3 plates 
(protects against most threats with the exception of riffle shots and greater) or III plates 
(protects against riffle shots) plates. There are a lot of options out there. Trauma plates 
(placed behind the ballistic plates), and even ballistic shields and ballistic helmets with 
visors are also occasionally available. Just check thoroughly over a period and you should 
be able to find new items and second hand items. You may also use certain mercenary 
stores which should offer many if not all items. You may have to create a cover in order 
to use certain providers. You may have to design your own armor by redesigning existing 
second hand items in combination with ballistic plates (you should have more protection 
than 2 plates, which should include leg, shoulder, arm, neck protection). I cannot give 
more insight at this point due to the fact that I have not started the weapon/armour 
acquirement phase. Be very careful when ordering through the postal service as they 
may check the packages on delivery and send a warning to the authorities in a worst 
case scenario.
3.37 Using foreign “black markets” when acquiring equipment
Travel to any Western or Eastern European major city. If you are a French citizen f 
example, keep in mind that you want to avoid any interaction with groups in your own 
city as your local police force might be able to identify you and cross reference you with 
watch lists. Your national police force has many informants among criminal networks 
and/or nationalist orgs so avoid your own country as base for acquiring equipment. You 
might consider avoiding your neighbouring country as well (depending on your country of 
origin ofc) as individuals can identify your nationality or identity. If your nationality is 
uncovered and the information passed on to the local police department, they can risk 
being identified (by using customs info/air line etc). If possible, purchase a fake id 
(passport, bank ID or drivers licence) in your own country and use it if you need to 
deceive anyone abroad. Never carry both id’s on you at the same time (during any arms 
transaction). Never travel by plane. Rent a car in your country and drive to your 
destination. 
If you are unsuccessful in acquiring the desired equipment and are getting desperate you 
can try contacting Nationalist organisations in the following countries:
Serbia
Russia
(Armenia)
Using criminal networks
Approach criminal networks cautiously and try to locate a local black market arms dealer. 
Present yourself as a gun collector. You might want to use a middle man/straw man for 
the actual transaction (a local drug dealer or any suitable individual and compensate him 
with a fixed or percentage based fee. Attempt to complete a “test transaction”, in order 
to verify your intermediary’s level of trust. Be prepared for the worst, do not carry large 
cash amounts (many will have nothing to offer and will try to rob, scam you). Do not 
reveal your political convictions as many European criminals are Albanian Muslims. 
Criminal networks usually have better equipment for sale than nationalist orgs. Try to 
avoid Muslim criminal organisations if possible.
Make f example 4 separate transactions
1.
Glock 17 + silencer
2.
Assault rifle
3.
Special ammo (armour pen/dumdum)
4.
Splint grenades/shock grenade
Using nationalist organisations/individuals 
Very often, one of these is willing to be an intermediary on behalf of you (if he partly or 
fully supports your political ideology). Obviously, don’t tell any potential NS that you are 
pro-Israel etc. as he might view you as a hostile. 
Lodging and cover stories when travelling abroad
First of all, have a valid alibi (cover story) before visiting any specific European target 
city. Preferably attend a conference of some sort which might legitimise your stay (for 
post/present reasons).
Rent a hotel or apartment using your fake passport/id. Use your real id when approached 
by public agents (customs included).
Buying illegal accessories online
Never buy or order online using your real address or name. If customs stops a shipment, 
questions might be raised and you risk being put on a “security watch list” which can 
compromise you at a later stage. 
Do not use email, mobile phones or any technological device in any of the transactions 
(as they are too easy to monitor). Use person to person approach or a middle man. 
Acquiring explosives materials
It will be necessary to gather together demolition materials for the destruction of 
buildings or other static targets.
Large explosive devices (2000-5000kg) are made with high grade fertilisers (ammonium 
nitrate) mixed with diesel (or more potent fuel such as jet fuel or optimally 
nitromethane); today’s explosive of choice is semtex, dynamite, TNT, Petn rdx, PETN 
(Pentaerythritol Tetrabitrate), hydrogenperoksid, NM/HNO3, APAN.
 
NOTE: while writing this I have not yet initiated the research phase for explosives so the 
above info is speculative on my part and I am unable to provide details at this point. 

