# 3.38 Services offered by European criminal syndicates/networks

> 原文页码: 910-915

3.38 Services offered by European criminal syndicates/networks 
The PCCTS, Knights Templar does not condone criminal activity in any way or form as a 
general principle, as our goals are purely idealistic. However, “expropriation of resources” 
may be tolerated during wartime as long as the funds are used for the struggle and the 
targets are, preferably, defined as a hostile entity or directly or indirectly facilitating a 
hostile entity. Considering the fact that Europe is in the first phase of a civil war, we 
actively seek the services of patriotic or apolitical criminal syndicates/networks as it 
benefits our cause. Criminal networks that facilitate us or any other National Resistance 
Organization are likely to be granted leeway under a future regime. There will be “black 
markets” in every society whether we like it or not. Criminal syndicates have existed 
since the Roman Empire and groups will continue to exist in the future as well. The only 
thing that is humanly possible to regulate is which players will be allowed to play and 
how large the supplier side will be allowed to be. 
If it comes to our attention that a certain criminal network is actively working against us 
or any other resistance organization, an individual Justiciar Knight, or is facilitating law 
enforcement agencies in their pursuit for Justiciar Knights, that criminal network can rest 
assured that they will be completely wiped out when the situation permits it sometime in 
the future, or when there is a future regime change. A Justiciar Knight should never 
waste his energy on “payback operations” against criminal networks, if he is unlucky 
enough to be robbed or sold out to law enforcement. The correct way to approach the 
problem is to focus on getting released, post a report about that specific network, and 
continue on the primary mission. The Justiciar Knight may forward his “report” to various 
nationalist networks where he asks that the given network/individuals are flagged for 
anti-patriotic activities so that they may be black listed. A criminal network with a bad 
reputation should be avoided.  
Patriotic resistance movements will be positively inclined towards European networks: 
certain networks of the Russian mafia, a majority of networks within the Italian mafia, 
national networks and biker networks.  
Networks that should be avoided: Muslim networks, Albanian mafia (Muslim), Rom 
networks (these are already flagged for future termination).
A short risk analysis of various criminal networks
Russian mafia
Depending on which sub group you are dealing with, they can turn out to be everything 
from apolitical Christian Russians to Islamist sympathising Chechen criminals. Use 
extreme caution and try to avoid the Chechens. 
Can provide: depending on group, everything from low quality weapons to high tech 
weapons, armour penetrating rounds, chemicals used for chemical/biological weapons, 
TNT, dynamite, semtex, jet fuel, nitro even nuclear components.
Certain organisations of the Russian mafia may prove to be valuable allies especially in 
phase 2 when more complex cells and operations are required.  
Biker gangs – 1%
The safest bet for acquiring weapons and certain components. A majority of biker gangs 
are nationalist orientated (right wing). Only certain individuals in a few European 
chapters (the largest ones) can provide quality weaponry and certain other components. 
However, they can be given contracts to rob component depots etc. 
Albanian mafia
Although members of these groups are relatively apolitical it is generally advised that 
Justiciar Knights avoid dealing with any Muslims. Muslim Albanians are relatively 
ethnocentric/anti-European. They may try to rob you.
Muslim mafia (Pakistani, Turk, North Africa, Somalia etc.)
Although members of these groups are relatively apolitical it is generally advised that 
Justiciar Knights avoid dealing with any Muslims. Muslim criminals are usually quite 
ethnocentric/anti-kafr. A majority of them hate Europeans and they may try to rob you.
European criminal network hubs - Czech Republic and Hungary
Central Europe and especially the Czech Republic and Hungary, are used as centres for 
coordination, communication and conciliation between very powerful international crime 
syndicates, which have managed to install their HQs of their operations and gain access 
in the heart of the EU.
The Czech Republic is an economically and socially developed country in Central Europe 
that has been facing for years serious issues relating with the activities of organised 
crime. Local security authorities relay in their reports, that they are facing some 100 
organised groups in the country with at least 3,000 members. 
Alongside, other 5,000 people have auxiliary roles in these organisations which are also 
staffed by accounting, legal and other professional functions.
Of all these criminal groups, 30 are integrated and internationalised, reaching the gold 
standard of the "International Mafia" with diverse activities in many countries around the 
world.
Local leaders of criminal networks are nationals of the former Soviet Union and especially 
Russia, Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova. Also Croats, Serbs, Albanians, Bulgarians, 
Romanians, Vietnamese and Chinese make up the majority of the groups.
Top 10 criminal organisations are as follows (bold font indicates European 
activity):
1. Solntsevskaya Bratva (Moscow, operates in Europe as well)
2. Yamaguchi-gumi (Japans largest yakuza organisation)
3. ‘Ndrangheta (Italy, Calabria)
4. D Company (India – ties to Islamists)
5. 14K (Hong Kong based Triad group but active intl, Europe included)
6. Sicilian Mafia (Italy)
7. Dai Huen Jai/Big Circle Boys (China - ex-nationalists)
8. Tijuana Cartel (Mexico)
9. United Bamboo (Taiwan Triad)
10. The US Mafia ‘The Five Families’ (US)
11. The Albanian Mafia (EU)
12. European biker gangs (1%)
1. Solntsevskaya Bratva/the Russian mafia (Russia, Europe)[1]
Moscow’s Solntsevskaya Bratva, known as the Brotherhood, have just been named the 
worst criminal gang in the world in a major survey. The Russian mafia is involved in 
everything from stolen art to smuggling of high tech weaponry and nuclear material. As 
of 1998, the Solntsevskaya gang contains around 5,000 members. The Brotherhood 
maintains relationships with many legitimate businesses, offering these groups 
‘protection’ the gang also assist the businesses when it comes to not-so-legal matters.
Sub groups of the Russian mafia
Dolgoprudnenskaya (Долгопруденская) was a Russian mafia organisation and was 
considered one of the largest groups of organised crime operating in Moscow. It was 
really named after Dolgoprudniy, which is a Moscow suburb. It was founded in 1988 and 
was allegedly very influential.
The Izmaylovskaya gang (Russian: Измайловская группировка, from Izmaylovo 
District) was considered one of the country's most important and oldest Russian Mafia 
groups in Moscow and also had a presence in Tel Aviv, Berlin, Paris, Toronto, Miami and 
New York City.[17] It was founded during the 1980s under the leadership of Oleg Ivanov 
(Олег Иванов) and was estimated to consist of about 200 active members (according to 
other data of 300–500 people). In principle, the organisation was divided into two 
separate bodies—Izmailovskaya and Gol'yanovskaya (Гольяновская),[18] which utilised 
quasi-military ranks and strict internal discipline. It was involved extensively in murder-
for-hire, extortions, and infiltration of legitimate businesses.
 The Tambov Gang (Тамбовская банда) of Saint Petersburg.
 The Obshina (Община, "community" in Russian), or Chechen mafia, was a formidable 
organised crime and paramilitary group. According to experts, ethnic Chechen criminal 
gangs once formed the most dominant minority criminal group in Russia. It is believed 
some gangs may have ties to Chechen militant factions
11. The Albanian Mafia[2]
The Albanian Mafia (AM) or Albanian Organised Crime (AOC) are the general terms used 
for various criminal organisations based in Albania or composed of ethnic Albanians. 
Albanian criminals are significantly active in the European Union (EU) countries, 
participating in a diverse range of criminal enterprises including drug and arms 
trafficking. Although the term "mafia" is often used as a description, it does not imply 
that all Albanian criminal activities are coordinated or regulated by an overarching 
governing body headquartered in Albania proper, Kosovo, Republic of Macedonia or 
elsewhere.
Albanian organised crime has its roots in traditional family-based clans called Fis. It 
heavily valued loyalty to one's clan and trust, or besa. Each clan ruled over and 
controlled a certain area. It is these principles of kanun that gave rise to Albanian 
organised crime today, and make it more difficult for Albanian gangs to be infiltrated by 
law enforcement. Albanian criminals are said by police to be involved in everything from 
arms-smuggling to counterfeiting. But it is drug trafficking that has gained Albanian 
organised crime the most notoriety. Some Albanians are key traders in the "Balkan 
connection," the Istanbul-to-Belgrade heroin route and is therefore challenging the 
Russian mafia.
A very limited number of studies have tackled certain aspects of ethnic Albanian 
criminally in a methodical manner. In the latest report of the United Nations, it is said 
that the "Balkans are safer than Western Europe" and that "At present, the levels of 
crime against people and property are lower in the Balkans than elsewhere in Europe". 
The phrase; don’t shit in your own back yard, comes to mind. 
The ethnic Albanian mafia is very powerful and extremely violent. If you compare them 
to the Italian Mafia, the Albanians are stronger and not afraid of killing.
Activity in the UK
Albanian mafia gangs are believed to be largely behind sex trafficking, immigrants 
smuggling, as well as working with Turkish gangs who control the heroin trade in the United 
Kingdom.
Vice squad officers estimate that "Albanians now control more than 75 per cent of the 
country’s brothels and their operations in London’s Soho alone are worth more than £15 
million a year." They are said to be present in every big city in Britain as well as many 
smaller ones including Telford and Lancaster, after having fought off rival criminals in turf 
wars.
Activity in Scandinavia
Albanian mafia clans in Norway, Sweden, and Denmark are suspected of being involved in 
arms smuggling, prostitution, heroin smuggling and armed robberies.
Ties to Islamists
It is a well known fact that the Muslim Albanian mafia facilitated the Muslims in the 
resistance against the Christian Serbs. 
A Justiciar Knight should only deal with Albanian Mafia as a last option. Although most of 
them are Muslims, they are generally apolitical. However, if they identify you as being a 
nationalist or a Crusader they may kill you. 
12. European biker gangs (1%)
Some motorcycle gangs engage in criminal activity known as the one percenters. Besides 
their connection with motorcycles, criminal motorcycle gangs are "unique among crime 
groups in that they maintain websites; identify themselves through patches and tattoos; 
have written constitutions and bylaws; trademark their club names and logos; and have 
publicity campaigns aimed at cleaning up their public image. What makes a gang like 
them different from the Mafia is that crime and violence are not used as a expedients in 
pursuit of profit, but that the priorities are reversed. Mayhem and lawlessness are 
inherent in living "The Life," and the money they obtain by illegal means is only wanted 
as a way to perpetuate that lifestyle.
The typical internal organisation of a motorcycle club consists of a president, vice 
president, treasurer, secretary, road captain, and sergeant-at-arms. Localised groups of a 
single, large MC are called chapters, and the first chapter established for an MC is 
referred to as the mother chapter. The president of the mother chapter serves as the 
president of the entire MC, and sets club policy on a variety of issues. Larger motorcycle 
clubs often acquire real estate for use as a clubhouse or private compound. These clubs 
often have security features such as closed-circuit television monitors, motion detector 
lights, and barbed wire-topped fences.
Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs are typically racially homogeneous, and can be racially 
exclusive. For example, membership in the Hells Angels is not open to African-Americans 
or Hispanics, which has led to creation of rival clubs such as the Bandidos and the 
Mongols Motorcycle Club. MC members are not usually referred to by their given names, 
but instead refer to each other by nicknames, or "road names", sometimes even 
displaying their road name on the club vest. Pagans, Hells Angels, Outlaws MC, and 
Bandidos are known as the "Big Four”. The main characteristic of OMGs being "amoral 
individualism" in contrast to the hierarchical orders and bonds of "amoral familism" of 
other criminal organisations such as the Mafia.
Hells Angels, Bandidos, Outlaws, Warlocks - Europe
Criminal activities include drug trafficking, arms trafficking, conspiracy, extortion, murder, 
money laundering, trafficking in stolen property, witness tampering.
Hells Angels
Ethnicity: white
Allies: AK81, Aryan Brotherhood, Cali Cartel, Indian Posse, Iron Horsemen and Warlocks
Territory: 230 chapters (90+ chapters in Europe), 27 countries, 6 continents.
Bandidos
Ethnicity: white, Hispanic and Asian
Allies: Outlaws
Bandidos are estimated to have 2,400 members in 210 chapters (90 in Europe), located 
in 16 countries. Like the Hell's Angels, the Bandidos also have a number of puppet, or so-
called "support," clubs, who are used as proxies for both legal and illegal activities.
European chapters in Belgium, Denmark, England, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, 
Luxembourg, Norway, and Sweden.
Outlaws
Ethnicity: white
Allies: Bandidos, Black Pistons, Mongols, Pagans and the Chicago Outfit
European chapters in Belgium, England, France, Germany, Italy, Northern Ireland, 
Norway, Poland, the Republic of Ireland, Russia, Spain, Sweden and Wales.
Warlocks MC
Ethnicity: white
Allies: Hells Angels
European chapters in England and Germany
General info about the UK criminal networks
UK dominated by British families despite influx of foreigners
An intelligence map drawn up by the leading police expert on organised crime identifies 
more than 1,000 active criminal networks and shows that gangland is still controlled by 
British families, despite the influx of crime syndicates from Eastern Europe and South-
East Asia over the past decade. British gangs are quite unlike the Italian Mafia model or 
the Turkish groups. There are no set ranks, rules and structures. They are more fluid, 
flexible and opportunist. The intelligence picture was built up by Acpo working with the 
43 police forces in England and Wales and other bodies. More than 15,000 individuals are 
said to have been identified as involved in organised crime. London has more than 170 
gangs. Some have sophisticated hierarchies; others are little more than street-level 
groups.
In Liverpool, criminal networks are deeply embedded and run by a number of families 
whose tentacles spread well beyond the city. Merseyside criminals control the drug trade 
on the South Coast. 
Manchester has established gangs such as the Longsight Crew and the Gooch Close 
Gang, while Birmingham has been dealing for years with the rivalry between the Johnson 
Crew and the Burger Bar Boys. Bradford is a centre for money laundering and a major 
distribution point for heroin by British-Pakistani gangs. 
Serious crime in Nottingham has been dominated by the Gunn family. Glasgow is the hub 
for the distribution of firearms in Scotland and the starting point for much of the heroin 
trade, which spreads as far north as Shetland. 
Many foreign gangs active in Britain are based overseas and exploit the 11,000-mile 
coastline and security weaknesses at sea ports to smuggle drugs, guns and counterfeit 
goods into the country. Much of the media coverage of gangs has concentrated on turf 
wars and feuds, but serious criminal activity is focused on making money. 
Career criminals prefer to work together when they have common interests. They will 
form loose coalitions, sharing their specialist skills in pursuit of the highest profit with the 
least risk. 

