# 3.39 Sending announcements before an operation

> 原文页码: 916-916

Organised crime is driven by profit. Some 60 per cent of criminal groups are involved in 
drug trafficking, but many are multi-commodity organisations. If they can traffic drugs 
they can also smuggle counterfeit goods or weapons. They often form loose, amorphous 
coalitions - coming together for a particular venture, perhaps one group needs a skill 
which another specialises in.
A recent investigation in London uncovered an arms deal in which a Lithuanian gang had 
been trading handguns in return for an introduction to Colombian cocaine contacts. 
Another inquiry broke up a sex trafficking ring run jointly by Lithuanian, Albanian and 
Chinese criminals.
There are Mr Bigs, but the person you start out thinking of as the Mr Big is quite often 
not. These are people who are flying below the radar and you may not realise who they 
are for a long time. Significant criminal activity is being driven from within prisons.
All criminal groups are prepared to resort to violence when necessary to commit 
robberies, enforce protection rackets or secure drug deals. Firearms, which are seen as a 
tool and a statement of intent, are a priority. Some networks, notably newly arrived 
groups from Lithuania, have been established to service that demand.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Mafia
2. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albanian_Mafia
3.39 Sending announcements before an operation
You will need access to a computer with internet connection to use as propaganda outlets 
before your operation. If you are a solo cell you will have to find a good work around 
(considering you won’t be able to distribute any ”announcements” during or after an 
operation). Consider using a laptop which you will hook up to an external network for this 
purpose (use the Tor network/Ipredator). Many metropolitan areas have LAN zones 
where you can simply go and connect to the internet (allowing you to distribute your 
announcements). Optimally, you will send your announcements only seconds before you 
initiate the operation. In addition, you should carry an announcement on a memory pin 
during the mission. However, this should not be the only means of distributing your 
message. The people who will find this pin are working for the enemy and thus they will 
use any means necessary to discredit or undermine the purpose of the mission (by f 
example falsely crediting it to another organisation). You should also consider semi-shady 
spam centrals as an alternative. F example, you can arrange and pay for online services 
which involve the distribution of files at a set time. The files sent can be encrypted or 
disguised as something else. The risk here though is that the company or individual 
sending the files may read or get access to the information and may alert authorities. 
However, the forwarding of these files (which is to be re-distributed by that 
company/individual) can be done seconds before the initiation of the operation. 
The smartest method however is to download the announcement in your Iphone or 
similar mobile device. Just before you engage, send your announcement to f example 10-
500 pre-organised email addresses from your Iphone. It might be a good idea to turn 
your phone off afterwards to prevent them from triangulating your position after 
engagement. 

