# 3.4 Why armed resistance against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe is the only rational approach

> 原文页码: 791-800

late in 2007 that the EU should expand to include Muslim nations in North Africa and the 
Middle East. The French President Sarkozy and the German Chancellor Angela Merkel 
confirmed this early in 2008. This is part of an organised attempt to surrender Europe to 
Islamisation that has been going on for decades. Since the European Union involves the 
free movement of people across borders, European leaders are opening the floodgates to 
tens of millions of Muslims and other non-indigenous peoples at a time when native 
Europeans fear for the survival of their civilisation and feel like aliens in their own cities. 
Meanwhile, Ernst Uhrlau, the president of Germany's foreign intelligence agency, warned 
about the rising assertiveness of violent Jihadist organisations in North Africa.
Based on this evidence, the European Union, all MA100 political parties (Multiculturalist 
Alliance 100, European political parties in support of multiculturalism), and other political 
entities influencing European decision-making, can hardly be seen as anything other than 
criminal organisations dedicated to the demographic dispossession and cultural 
marginalisation of the indigenous peoples of an entire continent. Consequently, the EU 
should be immediately dissolved. Native Europeans should demand that we have an 
interim period with public de-Eurabification, where the lies propagated by pro-Islamic 
Multiculturalists should be removed from our history books, and a proper respect for 
European cultural traditions should be restored. Those individuals and officials on senior 
levels who have participated in the creation and/or implementation of European 
multiculturalism/“the Eurabia project” should stand trial for crimes against their 
civilisation.
3.4 Why armed resistance against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes 
of Western Europe is the only rational approach
Multiculturalism, like drugs, is an insidious weapon. Both destroy the heart and fabric of a 
people. All ties to family, community, and one's people as a whole are destroyed by these 
two opiates of the human mind. Both are sponsored from the top down by one world 
elitists bent upon creating a world order who's power is such that its subjects posses no 
potential for resistance. 
By its very nature every emerging police state seeks to harness both the power of the 
state and the people to its will. When calls are made for support of cryptic slogans such 
as war on crime, drugs, terrorism, hate, poverty, etc. what is really meant is "grant 
power to the state and applaud the rape of your freedom." In sum: multiculturalism is 
another program designed to create the subjects of a Police State without borders. When 
coupled with the "war on drugs" and "war on terrorism," Orwell's world of endless war is 
realised. It would be their world, their orders, and nothing new, for a lust for despotism 
is as old as mankind himself.
The anti-thesis of multiculturalism is moral, religious, and cultural solidarity among the 
people of a nation. So is the belief in one's self and the ultimate good of his people. A 
cohesiveness that produces a national vision, with set boundaries of acceptability and 
unacceptability in the affairs of a nation, while allowing for the natural differences in 
men. Multiculturalism as a tool of warfare becomes impotent and rejected in such an 
environment.
A necessary first step toward recovery is to look at politics, social policy, and government 
emanating from Brussels with new eyes, unclouded by a lifetime of false information and 
deception propagated by elitist sponsors. Pretending any longer that the bought and paid 
for political prostitutes in your parliament and the EU parliament represent you or anyone 
you know is tantamount to cutting your own wrist with a razor blade. Self-destructive 
behaviour may qualify one for government "protected class status" under diversity laws, 
but it will not save you, your family, or your nation.
Democratical struggle through dialogue and armed oppression and/or resistance have 
always gone hand in hand. 
War or armed resistance has traditionally always been used as a last resort, used when 
dialogue has proven to be ineffective. The justification for use of armed resistance 
against the European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist systems is tied to the outlook for 
cultural conservative political success. You have to ask yourself; is it remotely possible 
under the current conditions that a conservative, monocultural political party will ever 
gain substantial political influence? An increasing number of Europeans are opening their 
eyes to the reality that the democratical struggle through dialogue has been lost. The 
cultural Marxists have institutionalised multiculturalism and have no intention of ever 
allowing us to exercise any political influence of significance. In theory we, the cultural 
conservatives of Europe, have become slaves under an oppressive, tyrannical, extreme 
left-wing system with absolutely no hope of reversing the damage they have caused. At 
least not democratically..
It is meaningless to participate in the democratical process when you are not allowed to 
raise important issues without being subjected to political and social persecution through 
stigmatisation and ridicule. It is time to acknowledge that we, the cultural conservatives 
of Western Europe, are deceiving ourselves to believe that it is remotely possible to 
change the system democratically. 
The continuation of the ongoing peaceful dialogue with the cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists only serves to further diminish our demographical advantages. 
They are growing stronger while we are being weakened every year. It is counter-
productive, even lethal to waste another five decades on meaningless dialogue while we 
are continuously losing our demographical advantage. We have never and will never be 
allowed to ever exercise any influence. The cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites 
nationally and in Brussels have for the last five decades created a resilient system whose 
objective is to ridicule, persecute, harass and silence us. They will continue to 
systematically marginalise us until the day when we are no longer a threat to them.
The following arguments will further underline why any democratical or peaceful cultural 
conservative victory of significance is impossible: 
Cultural Marxist institutionalised ideological coercion and brainwashing
Western Europeans are today being ideologically coerced 
and brainwashed from young age as multiculturalism has 
been institutionalised (in all government spheres). By 
doing so they are systematically modifying people’s social 
and political philosophy and instilling certain attitudes and 
beliefs with the aim of affecting individual value systems 
and subsequent thought-patterns and behaviours. This 
has been done by creating, justifying, propagating and 
implementing the European hate ideology known as 
multiculturalism, the use of falsified or biased statistics, 
falsified or biased sources, biased coverage of global 
conflicts and systematically labelling everyone who 
opposes the “cultural Marxist/multiculturalist/extreme 
egalitarian” world view as bigots, racists and fascists (sub-human). 
Corruption and feminisation of political parties and individuals by 
indirect/direct coercion
You cannot become the government unless you bow to the views of the 'Centre-Left' 
Multiculturalist media elite, especially the broadcast media elite.
Very few politicians manage to maintain their integrity, their honour and truthfulness 
throughout this process. More or less every political party and a majority of individuals 
will ultimately become corrupted by Cultural Marxist doctrines. Almost everyone will 
eventually be swayed into supporting the Multiculturalist world view. 
More than 85% of Western European politicians and more than 95% of EU 
parliamentarians support the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist world view (European 
multiculturalism). 
Yet, almost 50% of Europeans would support a cultural conservative world view. Very few 
will admit it as open support will involve certain stigmatisation. In other words, the 
politicians, in an anti-democratical manner are acting against the wishes of Europeans 
and have been for decades.
Systematically import of multiculturalist/socialist voters
Year after year, Islam is growing rapidly in Western Europe; from 50 000 in 1955 to 25 
million today, in 2008. Islam will continue to increase through demographical warfare 
(high birth rates combined with immigration) from 5% to 10, to 25 until it reaches 50%. 
For every newborn Muslim in Europe the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists will 
automatically get one more vote. And as we all know 98% of Muslims give their votes to 
the Multiculturalist Alliance, the “MA100” (pro-multiculturalism European political 
parties), the enablers of Islamisation. The MA100 political parties are thus selling their 
own people into Muslim slavery.
85% of all Muslims vote for Socialist parties (according to Norwegian statistics). 
99% of all Muslims vote for pro-Multiculturalist parties (according to Norwegian 
statistics). There is no reason to believe that these statistics are not representative for 
other Western European countries. 
Cultural Marxist/multiculturalist/suicidal humanist/globalist media
"[In the West] unpopular ideas can be silenced, and inconvenient facts kept dark, without 
any need for an official ban."
George Orwell, UK writer
The ultural Marxist media (politically correct MSM) are actively 
propagating multiculturalism and anti-traditionalism/nationalism 
and are therefore actively contributing to the annihilation of 
European identities, cultures and national sovereignty. The 
thinking seems to be that if you scratch any random European 
there is usually a Nazi lurking underneath, just waiting to get out. 
There are only two possible versions of Europeans: the politically 
correct “surrender-monkeys” and the Nazis. If we are not the 
former, then it follows by logic that we have to be the latter. This 
attitude betrays an all-pervasive hatred that demonises absolutely 
anything Europeans do to protect their dignity, culture and heritage. It closely mirrors 
multiculturalism, which is an anti-Western, but especially an anti-European hate ideology.
Ask yourself, do you know a single media company who openly opposes multiculturalism 
and the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist world view? More than 95% of journalists, 
editors, publishers support the Islamisation of Europe indirectly or directly by supporting 
and propagating the European multiculturalist world view[3]. Yet, almost 50% of 
Europeans would support cultural conservative policies. Very few will admit it as it would 
involve certain stigma. In other words, the so called “free press” is not free at all. The 
mainstream media has been hijacked by cultural Marxists, humanists and globalists and 
are not acting in the interest of Europeans and Europe.
The Muslim riots in France, on July 8th-15th, 2009, illustrated this well. The French Interior 
Ministry issued orders to the prefects not to communicate to the media the crime 
statistics and other essential information.  Furthermore, mainstream media companies 
were specifically instructed not to cover the riots as the Interior Minister ordered a full 
Media Blackout. In addition; Orders not to speak to the media were given to firemen, 
gendarmes and police. Leaks indicated however that aprox. 800-1500 cars, tens of 
buildings and forests were burned down in this period, more than 13 police officers were 
injured and more than 300 Muslim youths arrested[1][2]. The frightening thing is that no 
mainstream media companies (Western Europe/US) reported anything about this to their 
populations. This specific incident and hundreds of “similar” incidents prove that the 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist governments and the media companies are colluding 
against their people by doing everything to keep the truth from them. They know that 
the multicultural doctrines will lead us to disaster but are intent to continue to propagate, 
implement and “protect” the European multiculturalist system, despite how much human 
misery it will result in along the way (just like Soviet Russia during the 70s and 80s).
Sources:
1. http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2009/07/media-blackout-violence-in-france.html
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/4015
3. http://www.document.no/2009/05/intet_nytt_blant_norske_journa.html
News corporations, controlled by cultural Marxists/multiculturalists, full scale 
war against cultural conservatism/nationalism. 
This involves thousands of examples of character assassinations (everything from a 
hatchet job on a Bruce Bawer book portraying him as a “foam-around-mouth-racist to 
ignoring other essential works completely)  and other direct attacks and deliberate 
“media blackouts” regarding Muslim riots (and other issues they do not wish to cover) in 
Western Europe.
On September 14th, 2009, a person I am familiar with was contacted by a friend who 
works for a major Norwegian news agency. He told him about something terrifying and 
upsetting he had been witness to regarding the coverage of the Gøteborg intifada 
(Muslim Riots in Gøteborg, Sweden during Ramadan in August/September).  According to 
him, all major news agencies in Norway (in cooperation with the largest Swedish news 
agency) had made an alliance in order to prevent the truth from getting out, or at least 
keep the truth from getting out for as long as possible and at least until after the 
Norwegian elections September 13th. 
His exact words were;
“It is a dangerous road we are walking when the truth is systematically held back and when 
we are willing to go this far in order to cover up the consequences of the multicultural 
society. This has been allowed to develop to a degree where it is a democratical problem. “
It is really disturbing how the major news agencies managed to reach a consensus 
regarding this deliberate cover-up or “media blackout” with the intention of censoring the 
riots. How was it possible that we would end up with a synchronised media corps which is 
willing to go this far to hold back the truth from the Norwegian/Swedish people about 
something so important?
The following log describes how this transpired:
August 21/22nd – reports are received in major news desks regarding Muslim riots in 
Gøteborg, Sweden. An article is created in one agency but the chief editor decides not to 
publish it.
August 22nd – a manifest of Jihad is posted in Rosengård, Sweden, Norwegian media 
companies are informed about this on the 23rd. It is clear now to many of the chief 
editors in the major Norwegian news agencies that this indicates that the rioting will 
continue and that it is indeed news worthy. However, most of them assume (hope) the 
riots will end within a week at most.
August 23rd – Early in the morning, the chief editor in Aftenposten, Hilde Haugsgjerd 
was contacted by Jan Helin in the major Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet where she is 
asked to keep a lid on the story and/or at least write as little as possible about the riots. 
She is told to inform other Norwegian chief editors. It is unknown what else was 
discussed.
After this phone call with Jan Heling, Hilde Haugsgjerd calls the chief editor in Dagbladet, 
Anne Aasheim where they agree that this is a story which could significantly benefit the 
Norwegian Progress Party (FrP, the only anti-immigration party) as it would put 
immigration/asylum seeker/Islam related discussions on the agenda just before the 
elections. This must be prevented at all costs. They agree to contact chief editors in all 
major Norwegian news agencies and hold a teleconference where they discuss this issue 
later that day (it should be noted that ALL Norwegian news agencies are supporters of 
multiculturalism with many of its key personnel with political Marxist/pro-multiculturalist 
background). According to the source, it has been confirmed that the following 
individuals participated in the teleconference:
Editor of VG Nett: Espen Egil Hansen (on behalf of Bernt Olufsen), Hans-Tore Bjerkaas 
(editor in NRK), Carsten Bleness (editor in Dagsavisen), Jan Ove Årsæther (editor in 
TV2), Hilde Haugsgjerd (Aftenposten) and Anne Aasheim (Dagbladet).
According to the source, there was a tense mood among the participants. Espen Egil 
Hansen and Jan Ove Årsæther suggested to give the story ”some” coverage so that there 
would be no speculations concerning the fact that Norwegian news agencies had 
censored the riots if they lasted longer than expected. They drew parallels to the Paris 
riots and discussed that it could escalate. According to the source, Anne Aasheim raged 
at Espen Egil Hansen and Jan Over Årsæther and accused them of promoting racism and 
helping the Progress Party election apparatus (FrP) by wanting to cover the riots.
They all agreed in the end that the most pragmatical approach was to not cover the riots 
at all and to inform other editors in different news agencies to deliberately ignore it as 
well.
August 28th – two murder attempts on Swedish police officers and multiple arsons of 
cars and buildings results in a situation where the major Swedish news agencies are 
“forced” to cover the riots to a certain degree. As before, it is decided that the word: 
“Islam”, “Muslim”, “Jihad” or “intifada” shall not be included in any articles or reports 
(this is a common consensus among European MSM in general).
An increasing amount of tips (and demands from individuals to cover the events) pours in 
to the Norwegian news desks but still they all refuse to cover it (only 1-2 weeks until the 
Norwegian elections).
6-8 September - They manage to maintain censorship until around September 6-8th. 
After that, reports are starting to be published on independent blogs and these events 
are being distributed on the internet. Many individuals on online forums are demanding 
that the MSM cover the events and they are calling it an outrage and un-democratic 
behaviour. The pressure increases on the news agencies.
 
At this point, Hilde Haugsgjerd starts to doubt whether it is too risky to continue the 
media blackout. She is starting to experience increased pressure from her own staff 
(Aftenposten used to be a cultural conservative news paper up to 1972, when it was 
infiltrated by cultural Marxists, and is still regarded as the most conservative of the MSM 
news agencies). After a few phone calls back and forth among the editors during this 
time the issue is discussed again and they are evaluating the possibility to end the 
censorship. However, they all agree to continue with the media blackout. 
September 13th (1 day before the Norwegian election) – Hilde Haugsgjerd makes a call 
to Anne Aasheim and tells her that she is going to publish a short article about the riots, 
but that she will make it moderate (scaled down) and will ensure that the article is not 
highlighted. This decision is made to create a sort of alibi so that conservatives cannot 
claim that Aftenposten is deliberately plotting against the Norwegian people by 
participating in non-democratic activities (deliberate media blackouts). At this point there 
are loud discussion on various forums and blogs about the MSMs “full scale war” against 
the Progress Party (FrP).
Some of the explanations used to conservatives who have demanded coverage in this 
period (regarding the Swedish, British, French riots) include:
-
NRK: Three different explanations: “Not newsworthy” and “we haven’t heard anything 
about this” and “the decision to cover this story is under consideration”.
-
TV2: “We haven’t heard anything about this”
-
Aftenposten: “Our reporter (who was about to cover this) is sick, we will cover it shortly” 
September 14th – Norwegian elections – Progress Party result: 22,9% (down 6-8 
percentage points from earlier polls due to intensive media attacks from a synchronised 
news corps for eight weeks straight.
September 20th – NRK, the Norwegian state channel, is now (after 6 weeks!) running a 
television broadcasted story about the intifada in Gøteborg, Sweden, one week after the 
election…
Conclusion:
All major news agencies in Norway deliberately conspired (and continue to conspire) 
against the Norwegian people and sabotaged the 2009 election by initiating media 
blackouts of essential events (the Muslim intifada in Gøteborg, the Muslim riots in several 
places in the UK and the Muslim riots in France a couple of months earlier). Not only did 
they “rob” the the Progress Party of essential coverage which would have guaranteed the 
party at least 28-30% of the votes (if these events had been given the appropriate 
coverage and attention). Every single news agency (some of which had been neutral 
towards the Progress Party in many cases) synchronised a “full scale media/labeling war” 
(employing primarily scare tactics and various other attacks) against the Progress Party 
eight weeks before the election. At this time the Progress Party was at 28-30% on 
multiple polls and I guess the MSM panicked (as the following 8 weeks of synchronised 
war campaign indicates).
At the end of the day, they, the major news agencies succeeded in sabotaging the 
election again and ruining the FrP turnout. FrP bled during this media war campaign and 
lost 6-8 percentage points, ending on 22,9%. 
The almighty Norwegian/Swedish cultural Marxist media corps significantly manipulated 
the Norwegian election and the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist government (consisting of 
the Labour Party, Socialist Left Party and Center Party) were allowed to continue their old 
path of mass-Muslim immigration (colonisation) and Islamisation of Norway.
These types of un-democratic media strategies are not limited to Norway/Sweden but are 
prevalent in all Western European countries. France is a very good example where media 
blackouts are increasingly common (even by ministerial instruction). 
There is no such thing as a “free press” in Western Europe and there haven’t been since 
the last cultural conservative (critical of multiculturalism) news agencies where infiltrated 
during the 1970s. A majority of Western European countries do not have a single cultural 
conservative news agency left which is contributing to paralyze our democracies by 
making them dysfunctional. This again contributes to radicalise moderate cultural 
conservative forces because an increasing number of people feel that we are now living 
in a repressive totalitarian cultural Marxist/multiculturalist state. 
There is no democracy in Western Europe, and Norway and Sweden are two of the 
world’s most repressive Marxist regimes. 
You are not democratic unless you are a cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist?!
Israel's ambassador to Sweden has been summoned[1] by Sweden's foreign office to 
discuss the diplomatic discord following an article in a national newspaper[2] claiming 
Israeli soldiers harvest the organs of dead Palestinians. The diplomatic spat has its source 
in the decision by the Aftonbladet[3] newspaper to publish the article which details 
allegations of the systematic harvesting of the organs of Palestinian men. The Israeli 
foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman compared the allegations to old antisemitic lies. "It is 
regrettable that the Swedish foreign ministry does not intervene when it comes to a 
blood libel against Jews, which reminds one of Sweden's conduct during World War II 
when it also did not intervene," an Israeli government statement quoted Lieberman as 
saying.
Sweden's foreign minister Carl Bildt[4] has rejected calls from Israel for the government 
to distance itself from the newspaper article. Writing on his blog[5], Bildt argues that 
Sweden's free press and tradition of free speech are the best defence against "breaches 
of judgment, bad taste and transgressions of core societal values." "There are calls from 
some quarters in Israel that we in some way or another should take an official position to 
distance ourselves from this article or even to intervene to prevent such an article being 
published," Bildt states. "But our country does not work that way - and neither should it." 
The foreign minister concludes by defending the importance of protecting free speech.
The fact that the anti-Israeli and anti-American writer Helle Klein, for many years the 
political editor of Aftonbladet, at her blog[6] also speaks warmly of "free speech" is such 
an extreme case of hypocrisy that it simply cannot go unanswered. Free speech does not 
exist in Sweden. Although some countries such as Britain and Belgium are trying hard to 
claim the title, I would personally rate Sweden as being probably the most totalitarian 
and politically repressive country in the entire Western world as of 2009, and Aftonbladet 
has made substantial contributions to this repressive climate. Sweden has huge problems 
caused by mass immigration, and Muslim immigration in particular, but speaking honestly 
about this is absolutely taboo among the mainstream media. According to journalist 
Karen Jespersen[7], Helle Klein has stated that "If the debate is [about] that there are 
problems caused by refugees and immigrants, we don't want it." Opinion polls have 
revealed that two out of three Swedes doubt whether Islam can be combined with 
Swedish society, yet not one party represented in parliament has been genuinely critical 
of the immigration policies, and there is virtually no real debate about multiculturalism 
and Islam.
As I have stated in my essay Why Europeans Should Support Israel[8], the demonisation 
of Israel should be rejected not just because of Israel, but because of Europe. The very 
same people who are demonising Israelis are also demonising native Europeans who 
resist the Islamisation of their lands and the state-sponsored colonisation of their 
countries by alien peoples. The truth is that Israelis defend themselves so that their 
daughters do not have to suffer rape at the hands of Muslim Jihadists, the way the 
authorities in Western European countries, and in Sweden in particular, allow to happen 
every single day. Here are a few relevant quotes from the chapter The Case of 
Sweden[9], taken from my book Defeating Eurabia[10]. I suggest that Israelis send 
some of these quotes to Aftonbladet, Helle Klein and Carl Bildt and challenge them with 
the information it contains:
The Swedish organisation Expo has demonstrated a willingness to “share information” 
with radical groups of “anti-Fascists” in Antifascistisk Action (AFA). The thugs of AFA in 
the spring of 2008 destroyed[11] the car of an elderly woman and wrote “nasse“ (Nazi) 
on top of it. As it turned out, they picked the wrong car. Yet years of such attacks against 
private citizens have not prompted the authorities to crack down on their activities.
Leading newspaper Aftonbladet has close ideological ties to the Social Democrats, the 
country’s dominant party for most of the past century. Helle Klein, its political editor-in-
chief from 2001 to 2007, during a demonstration organised by Islamic and anti-racist 
organisations in December 2006 stood in front of a banner which read “A Sweden for all - 
Stop the Nazi violence“ and held a speech warning against Islamophobia in the media. 
Klein has voiced sympathy for terrorist organisation Hamas[12] in her editorials while 
warning against the threat posed to world peace by Israeli aggression and the Christian 
Right in the USA[13]. Hamas is a Fascist organisation openly calling for mass murder of 
Jews. Violent attacks against Jews in Europe in 2008 are to an overwhelming degree 
caused by Muslim immigration, which is encouraged by the EU and the national political 
elites. The irony of warning against “Nazi violence” while showing sympathy for an 
organisation that wants to finish what the Nazis started apparently doesn’t strike Ms. 
Klein.
One of Klein’s fellow columnists at Aftonbladet, the long-time Communist Robert 
Aschberg, is the publisher of Expo magazine. Leading Expo member Charles Westin in 
October 2007 published the book Brunt! (“brown,” as in “Fascist”), where he let members 
of AFA contribute some of their intelligence regarding “right-wing extremists,” among 
them people associated with the legal party the Sweden Democrats. In addition to Mr. 
Westin, the book was co-authored by Mats Deland, who is a journalist in Aftonbladet. 
Why is it considered OK that a representative of one of Scandinavia’s largest newspapers, 
with ties to the country’s largest political party, thus associates himself openly with an 
organisation known for physically assaulting members of a legal opposition party, even in 
their private homes?
Before the elections in 2006, the established parties cooperated in boycotting the Sweden 
Democrats and other “xenophobic” parties. In one of many similar incidents, which 
extreme Leftists bragged about on the Internet, around 30 members of the SD were 
attacked during a peaceful, private party outside the town of Växjö. The brave “anti-
Fascists” threw tear gas into the building, forcing people outside where they were beaten 
with iron bars and axes. Open, aggressive and sometimes violent harassment of critics of 
the country’s immigration policies has been going on for years while the authorities have 
largely turned a blind eye to the problem. Seemingly encouraged by the silence from the 
establishment to political violence, extreme Leftists have stepped up their attacks to 
include mainstream parties. Sweden is witnessing the greatest explosion of street 
violence in its history, and a woman is raped every two hours. Expo, which is backed by 
the media and the major parties, has been campaigning against the Sweden Democrats 
for years. Daniel Poohl from the unelected organisation Expo states[14] that it’s “not 
undemocratic” to deny the SD access to political influence.
According to Jonathan Friedman, an American Jew working in Sweden for years, “no 
debate about immigration policies is possible, the subject is simply avoided. Sweden has 
such a close connection between the various powerful groups, politicians, journalists, etc. 
The political class is closed, isolated.” The elites are worried to see their power slip away 
and therefore want to silence critics, for instance the Sweden Democrats, a small party 
opposed to immigration: “It is a completely legal party, they just aren’t allowed to speak.
…In reality, the basis of democracy has been completely turned on its head. It is said: 
‘Democracy is a certain way of thinking, a specific set of opinions, and if you do not share 
them, then you aren’t democratic, and then we condemn you and you ought to be 
eliminated. The People? That is not democratic. We the Elite, we are democracy.’ It is 
grotesque and it certainly has nothing to do with democracy, more like a kind of moral 
dictatorship.”
As Bruce Bawer writes in the article While Sweden Slept[15]: “Sweden Democrats have 
been the targets of events that recall China’s Cultural Revolution. Staged ‘people’s 
protests’ by members of the ‘youth divisions’ of other parties have led to the firing of 
Sweden Democrats from their jobs. A few weeks ago, a junior diplomat was dismissed 
when it became known that he was a member of the party and had criticised his 
country’s immigration policy. On several occasions, thugs loyal to the ruling parties have 
broken up SD meetings and beaten up party leaders.” What do the governments in 
countries like Norway and Sweden do about it? They continue to fund their Marxist lynch 
mobs as they are successfully silencing their annoying political rivals.
Source:
http://atlasshrugs2000.typepad.com/atlas_shrugs/2009/08/fjordman-at-atlas-.html
1. http://www.thelocal.se/21606/
2. http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/newspaper
3. http://encyclopedia.thefreedictionary.com/aftonbladet
4. http://www.thelocal.se/21600/
5. http://carlbildt.wordpress.com/2009/08/20/principer-och-praktik/
6. http://blogg.aftonbladet.se/helleklein/2009/08/sanslos-israelisk-debatt
7. http://snaphanen.dk/2005/02/19/karen-jespersen-har-sverige-ytringsfrihed/
8. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1965
9. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/10/defeating-eurabia-part-4.html
10. http://www.amazon.com/Defeating-Eurabia-Fjordman/dp/1409247155
11. http://www.globalpolitician.com/24545-sweden
12. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/06/hamas-has-friend-in-sweden.html
13. http://www.aftonbladet.se/ledare/ledarkronika/helleklein/article207441.ab
14. http://expo.se/2008/48_2165.html
15. http://www.nysun.com/article/44831
16. http://43.294.5.381subf12:Nbvbege966589423576ДЉ
Also see “2.67 Democracy not working”.
One against all – cultural conservatives are quarantined and demonised
Even if a moderate right wing political party (against all odds) manage to gain certain 
influence by avoiding cultural Marxist/multiculturalist attacks they will not be able to 
accomplish anything unless they get more than 50% of the votes. It is quite common for 
pro-multiculturalists to agree on a “cordon sanitaire”, a well known and fundamentally 
un-democratic containment policy used by the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist political 
parties to “quarantine” cultural conservative parties in France, Belgium, the Netherlands, 
Sweden, Spain and several other countries. Though in French the term originally denoted 
a barrier implemented to stop the spread of disease, its use in English is almost always 
metaphorical and political, and refers to attempts to prevent the spread of an ideology 
deemed unwanted or dangerous. 
A “cordon sanitaire” has been agreed upon by the establishment against the Swedish 
party: Sweden Democrats, in France against the National Front and several other 
countries.
The most successful anti-Islamisation party in Europe; the Norwegian Progress Party 
(22% last election) has achieved absolutely nothing during the last eight years. They 
have presented hundreds of new bills and suggestions related to Islamisation and re-

