# 3.40 Applying deceptive means in urban guerrilla warfare

> 原文页码: 917-920

3.40 Applying deceptive means in urban guerrilla warfare
1. Always mask your real goals, by using the ruse of a fake goal that everyone takes for 
granted, until the real goal is achieved. Tactically, this is known as an 'open feint'; in front 
of everyone, you point west, when your goal is actually in the east. By the time everyone 
realised it, you have already achieved your goal.
Usage: In the Second World War, the Allies' Operation Quicksilver created a phantom 
army in Kent complete with faked radio chatter which divided German attentions 
regarding the actual Allied armies and their intended objective of the Normandy landings.
Usage: 
a. Call in a fake threat on Building x, letting them know that you intend to blow up the 
building if they attempt to evacuate the people. 
b. Give the impression to police authorities that you are after cash, a few million Euro. 
Tell them to prepare the funds and order them to make a delivery at a defined location 
and time. This may allow you to conceal your real objective for a while. If the Police 
believe you are just another criminal after cash they will generally avoid armed 
confrontation and instead attempt to arrest you at a later point. If you however, inform 
them that you have no intention of coming out of the situation alive they will throw 
everything at you immediately. Deceit is the best approach.
c. Another strategy would be to consider making use of a remote detonation, burning car, 
or other forms of arson to attract attention to one location. Ensure that the enemy forces 
are heading for this location. By then, you will be on the opposite side of town and in the 
middle of the process of finishing your primary goal. This strategy might prove to be 
counter-productive in compact European cities depending on the nature of the operation.
d. If you are being pursued, move to primary target building (concentration of A and B 
traitors) and during the assault, announce on the police band that you are demanding a 
ransom and safe passage for sparing the hostages. Demand a fixed amount and means 
of transportation from the area/country. All this, while you continue execution of A and B 
traitors with your side arm (silencer). This may buy you several seconds or even minutes 
while you continue your primary objective.
2. Chameleon
Mask yourself. Either leave flamboyant traits behind, thus going incognito; or just 
masquerade yourself and create an illusion to fit your goals and distract others.
Usage: 
a. Create and wear a police combat uniform replica. Make serious efforts in recreating 
credible insignias, ID and marks. Study media pics of SWAT agents from your country. 
This will create confusion and hesitation when engaging hostile agents and should buy 
you at least 1-2 extra seconds. These extra seconds will give you the edge you need in 
order to neutralise any potential threat (2 head shots). The police illusion will also act as 
a deterrent towards preventing potential civilian charges.
 
b. Vehicles (bomb trucks) - if needed, change the appearance of a vehicle in order to 
allow you to easier infiltrate hostile environments. It’s amazing what tape and some 
spray-paint can do. Easy and cheap solutions may fool someone from long range but not 
in close range. 
c. Give the impression that your cell is larger by attempting to forward misinformation on 
the police band or by other means. 
3. When the enemy is too strong to be attacked directly, then attack something he holds 
dear. Know that he cannot be superior in all things. Somewhere there is a gap in the 
armour, a weakness that can be attacked instead.
Usage: The idea here is to avoid a head on battle with a strong enemy, and instead 
strike at his weakness elsewhere. The Prime Minister may have several armed body 
guards. This however is not the case with regular ministers. As for static objectives, it 
can be smarter to focus on less ”armoured” targets. Instead of the Parliament building or 
Royal Castle, other high value targets (with less security) should be targeted.
4. Make a sound in the east, then strike in the west
In any battle the element of surprise can provide an overwhelming advantage. Even when 
face to face with an enemy, surprise can still be employed by attacking where he least 
expects it. To do this you must create an expectation in the enemy's mind through the use 
of a feint.
Usage: Same as 1. The idea here is to get the enemy to focus his forces in a location, 
and then attack elsewhere which would be weakly defended. This might prove to be 
counter-productive in compact European cities depending on the nature of the operation.
5. Hide a knife behind a smile
Charm and ingratiate yourself to your enemy. When you have gained his trust, move 
against him in secret.
Usage: For assassinations or for intelligence gathering prior to a mission. Infiltration of 
enemy organisations might prove an easy way to get close to otherwise impossible 
targets (prime minister or ministers) or to learn their programme. Getting a job at the 
youth camp connected to the largest political party is one way of doing this. The prime 
minister usually visits during summer season. Infiltration can take as long as 24 months.
6. Sacrifice the plum tree to preserve the peach tree
There are circumstances in which you must sacrifice short-term objectives in order to gain 
the long-term goal. This is the scapegoat strategy whereby someone else suffers the 
consequences so that the rest do not.
Usage: Just like Jihadi warriors are the plum tree of the Ummah, we will be the plum 
tree for Europe and for Christianity. The European people are the peach tree. We are 
sacrificing ourselves so that future generations of Europeans may continue to live in 
freedom. 
7. Take the opportunity to pilfer a goat
While carrying out your plans be flexible enough to take advantage of any opportunity that 
presents itself, however small, and avail yourself of any profit, however slight.
Usage: Expropriate cars and/or use Muslim or cultural Marxist/multiculturalist human 
shields if needed.
8. Do not startle the snake by hitting the grass around it
Usage: Do not break any laws which will lead to a pursuit before initiating your primary 
mission. An imprudent act might give up your position or intentions away to the enemy.
9. Borrow a corpse to resurrect the soul
Usage: Take an institution, a technology, or a method that has been forgotten or 
discarded and appropriate it for your own purpose. Revive something from the past by 
giving it a new purpose or bring to life old ideas, customs, or traditions and reinterpret 
them to fit your purposes. Solo-cell systems in combination with martyrdom is the most 
efficient and deadly form of modern warfare. This strategy was adapted by Jihadist 
groups. And now we will be using it as well. It is even more valuable to us as we enjoy 
more ”invisibility” than individuals who have Arabic/Asian appearance and customs.
10. In order to capture, one must let loose
Cornered prey will often mount a final desperate attack. To prevent this you let 
the enemy believe he still has a chance for freedom. His will to fight is thus 
dampened by his desire to escape. When in the end the freedom is proven a 
falsehood the enemy's morale will be defeated and he will surrender without a 
fight.
Usage: A system protector who raises a gun against you must be shown no mercy. You 
can be assured that he will regroup with other agents as soon as you let him go. He will 
believe you may spare him and lower his gun if you defeat his unit (2 other individuals). 
Use this opportunity to neutralise him. 
11. Avoid the servant forces and go for the neck of their chiefs
Usage: Very few of the servant forces (police/system protectors) are willing to sacrifice 
their life for multiculturalism or for the continuation of the Islamisation of Europe. In fact 
most of them sympathise with our goals (just not our means). Therefore, avoid the 
servant forces at all costs and focus only on high value targets. Many system protectors 
will falter or hesitate when pursuing you (if they are aware of your intentions). They 
might even deliberately let you proceed to your target. 
12. Befriend a distant state while attacking a neighbour
It is known that nations that border each other become enemies while nations separated by 
distance and obstacles make better allies. When you are the strongest in one field, your 
greatest threat is from the second strongest in your field, not the strongest from another 
field.
Otto von Bismarck made the League of the Three Emperors and treaties with the British 
Empire and Italy in order to isolate France, from which he feared an attack.
Usage: Phase 3 strategy for creating European conservative hegemony.
13. Replace the beams with rotten timbers
Disrupt the enemy's formations, interfere with their methods of operations, and change 
the rules in which they are used to follow, go contrary to their standard training. 
In this way you remove the supporting pillar, the common link that makes a 
group of men an effective fighting force.
Usage: Phase 1 urban warfare. You are wearing a police uniform and hand signalling to 
“a fellow system protector”, then use ”Thrust of the Martyr” and neutralise them without 
hesitation.
14. Make the host and the guest exchange roles
Usurp leadership in a situation where you are normally subordinate. Infiltrate your target. 
Initially, pretend to be a guest to be accepted, but develop from inside and become the 
owner later.
Usage: This is the basic strategy of Islamic Demographic Warfare currently being waged 
by the Global Islamic Ummah.

