# 3.41 Western European primary targets (Phase 1)

> 原文页码: 921-922

15. The Empty fort strategy
When the enemy is superior in numbers and your situation is such that you expect to be 
overrun at any moment, then drop all presence of military preparedness, act calmly and 
appear disrespect of the enemy, so that the enemy will think you have hidden huge power 
and you want to trap them into the fort with your calm and easiness. This has to be used 
when in most of the cases, you do have huge power hidden under the disguise and you 
only play the real empty rarely. Use this against people who are really smart
Usage: If you are being pursued, move to primary target building (concentration of A 
and B traitors) and during the assault, announce on the police band that you want the 
police force to storm the building immediately (they will assume you have rigged the 
place and hesitate). This may buy you several seconds or even minutes while you 
continue your duties. All this, while you continue execution of A and B traitors with your 
side arm (silencer).
16. If unable to retreat or to complete your mission, move on to the last 
objective - die honourably in combat
Usage: If it becomes obvious that your current course of action will lead to certain 
capture, then assault their weakest flank (TotM). If completely surrounded, take a 
hostage. If you are badly hurt and unable to make a last push, then use your cyanide 
capsule.
3.41 Western European primary targets (Phase 1)
Concentrate on massive and compact buildings that are vulnerable to a “single source” 
blast/assault. We must ensure that a maximum number of category A, B and C traitors 
are hit with a minimum of civilians. Specified targets fit that profile:
Prioritised targets:
-
MA100 political parties - cultural Marxist/multiculturalist political parties. Prioritised targets 
include HQs or annual meetings of MA100 political parties
-
Annual media conferences (concentrations of journalists, 500 journalists +)
-
Category A and B traitors (individual executions/assassinations)
-
Major EU HQ’s (Brussels or elsewhere in Europe) 
-
Government buildings with high concentrations of category A and B traitors
-
Any major “cultural Marxist/multiculturalist” building
-
Any Western European state media channel HQ (cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
propaganda centers)
-
Any mainstream Multiculturalist media HQ (preferably left wing)
-
Certain university/college faculties; faculty of journalism, sociology, political science. Also 
faculties housing so called “diversity or middle eastern studies. These are notorious cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist nests for tomorrow’s leaders. Target staff - 
professors/teachers/lecturers. Students are considered acceptable indirect targets as f. 
example 95-99% of journalism students will support multiculturalism indirectly/directly.
-
Any major Muslim target (f example a stadium or large hall hosting a cultural event, where 
2000+ Muslims are gathered). F. example during Id celebration at the end of Ramadan. 
This will result in massive Muslim rioting across the European continent which will be a 
substantial destabilising factor for many EUSSR regimes. It will also serve us well as it will 
contribute to polarisation and create further desired tensions within communities. 
-
Mosques and Islamic cultural centers
Let there be no confusion. The European Islamic Ummah is our most potent weapon in our 
fight against the establishment. Our objective in Phase 1 and 2 will be to manipulate this 
force by contributing to radicalise Muslim individuals. 
This can be achieved by provoking and inciting them to choose the path of Jihad 
prematurely. The most efficient way of infuriating Muslims is to strike at their most prized 
“possessions”, their women. Through deadly and strategic precision attacks (pin prick 
attacks) we will incite them to engage in violent riots and various forms of Jihadi activities 
prematurely. The media will have no choice but to cover it, and by doing so contribute to 
radicalise more Europeans. This spiral will polarise societies and more Europeans will come 
to learn the “true face of Islam” and multiculturalism. Islamic and European reactions will 
then escalate the situation (added catalysts) as more and more people will join both 
cultural conservative movements and Jihadi groups.
The future of conservative movements is directly linked to the development of Jihadi 
movements and/or Islam’s influence in Western societies. It’s a symbiotic relationship.  
Targets:
The best target will without a doubt be during Ramadan, especially the Eid ul-Fitr (Id-ul-
Fitr) the Muslim holiday that marks the end of Ramadan. It is celebrated starting on the 
first day of the Islamic month of Shawwal. There will usually be mosques reserved for 
either males or females during these events.  
Attacking female groups is the only pragmatic approach as many of their husbands, sons, 
brothers and uncles would swear blood vengeance and subsequently join Jihadist networks. 
More controversial targets:
-
Major UN buildings in Western Europe – very tempting targets, but we should consider the 
fact that we might enrage nations not involved at that point by killing representatives from 
several “ally nations”. At the same time, these operations will guarantee maximum press 
coverate (if this is a problem). The first experimental target will confirm if these types of 
targets are suitable. The international community might support a global “war on fascism” 
which might, in a negative way, add to our already large list of enemies. 
-
Historical government/parliament buildings (the first target will confirm if these types of 
targets are suitable).
-
Royal castles etc. (should be avoided as a principle but can be targeted if the building is 
used as a hub for guests of the cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist regime or if massive PR is 
desired. The building should have lesser historical or cultural value. It may anger many 
moderate cultural conservatives and might prove counter-productive (the first target will 
confirm if these types of targets are suitable).
Targets which should be avoided:
-
Historical buildings

