# 3.44 Traitor – classification system - Category A, B and C traitors

> 原文页码: 930-931

3.44 Traitor – classification system - Category A, B and C traitors
“The nation is divided, half patriots and half traitors, and no man can tell which from 
which.”
Mark Twain
This classification system is used to identify various individual cultural Marxist/ 
multiculturalist traitors. The intention of the system is to easier identify priority targets 
and will also serve as the foundation for the future “Nuremberg trials” once the European 
cultural conservatives reassert political and military control of any given country.
Any category A, B or C traitor is an individual who has deliberately used his or her 
influence in a way which makes him or her indirectly or directly guilty of the charges 
specified in this document: 1-8. Many of these individuals will attempt to claim 
”ignorance” of the crimes they are accused of. 
Category A traitor
-
Political leaders (NGO leaders included)
-
Media leaders (chief editors)
-
Cultural leaders
-
Industry leaders
Category A traitors are usually any current Heads of State, ministers/senators, directors 
and leaders of certain organisations/boards etc. who are guilty of charges 1-8. Category 
A traitors consist of the most influential and highest profile traitors.
10 per 1 million citizens.
Punishment: death penalty and expropriation of property/funds
Category B traitor
Category B traitors are cultural Marxist/multiculturalist politicians, primarily from the 
alliance of European political parties known as ”the MA 100” (parties who support 
multiculturalism) and EU parliamentarians. They can be elected and non-elected 
parliamentarians, their advisors and any public and/or corporate servant who has been 
and still are indirectly or directly implicated in committing the following acts.  
Category B traitors can also be individuals from various professional groups (but not 
limited to): journalists, editors, teachers, lecturers, university professors, various 
school/university board members, publicists, radio commentators, writers of fiction, 
cartoonists, and artists/celebrities etc. They can also be individuals from other 
professional groups such as: technicians, scientists, doctors and even Church leaders. In 
addition, individuals (investors etc) who have directly or indirectly funded related 
activities. It’s important to note that the stereotypical ”socialists”, collectivists, feminists, 
gay and disability activists, animal rights activists, environmentalists etc are to be 
considered on an individual basis only. Not everyone who are associated with one of 
these groups or movements is to be considered as a cultural Marxist/multiculturalist.
Former category A traitors; Heads of State, Ministers/Senators etc., directors and leaders 
of certain organisations/boards etc. can be re-classified as category B traitors for 
practical targeting reasons (they have lost influence and will not yield the same target 
value/effect as current category A traitors). 
Certain ANTIFA leaders or organisers related to ANTIFA movements (and other dedicated 
members) are considered category B traitors. Non-essential members are considered 
category C traitors. Many professionals such as f. example journalists, influential 
sociologists or university professors etc. are considered and categorized as category B 
traitors as we consider them political activists and not merely professionals. They will of 
course claim ignorance and state that they are a-political. This strategy might work for 
them until the day where they are visited by a Justiciar Knight - their judge, jury and 
executioner. 
1000 per 1 million citizens.
Punishment: death penalty and expropriation of property/funds. Punishment can be 
reduced under certain circumstances. 
Category C traitor
Category C traitors are less influential and lower priority targets (often individuals who 
have facilitated category A and B traitors) but who are still guilty of charges 1-8. 
10 000 per 1 million citizens. 
Punishment: fines, incarceration, expropriation (considered as acceptable indirect 
casualties in larger operations where WMDs are involved). 
Category D individuals
Category D individuals have little or no political influence but are facilitating category B 
and C traitors and/or MA100 political parties/media companies through various means. 
They are not guilty of charges 1-8 but work with or for individuals who are. The 
classification is of relevance when calculating/estimating indirect casualties concerning 
larger operations where WMDs are involved, as any category D individuals is not 
considered an innocent “civilian” but rather as a secondary servant/facilitator.
20 000-30 000 per 1 million citizens
Punishment: none (not considered civilian) 

