# 3.46 Killing women on the field of battle – directly or indirectly

> 原文页码: 933-933

No attacks should occur on TI3 candidates in phase 1. As for TI1-2 candidates, even 
though immunity has not been granted, any Justiciar Knight should consider other 
targets if possible. If there aren’t any equivalent targets which would yield the desired 
result, then TI-1-2 targets would still be the logical choice. 
If the policy shift is significant enough over a long period permanent status change may 
be applied.
Focus Target (added emphasis)
”Focus Target” is abbreviated FT and indicates targets who will yield added results (high 
value targets) or can be used to flag ”unforgivable” political parties, organisations or 
individuals who has or still are committing grave crimes. 
-
FT1 Above average crimes or above average target/value
-
FT2 Higher…
-
FT3 Highest…
3.46 Killing women on the field of battle – directly or indirectly
Every female category A, B, C traitor or system protector out there is someone’s 
daughter, someone’s sister or mother. But then again, so are the victims of the current 
systems, f example the girl who committed suicide after being gang-raped by Muslims. 
War isn’t pretty. It never has been. It is essential to know that approximately 60-70% of 
all cultural Marxists or suicidal humanist are female and up to 20% of police officers and 
military personnel (system protectors). Being a Justiciar Knight will involve killing our 
targets, or any system protector trying to stop us, indiscriminately. You will face women 
in battle and they will not hesitate to kill you. To them, you are just another armed 
criminal nut case as they will not know your true political agenda until after you have 
been slain or are apprehended. If you hesitate as much as a second due to the fact that 
your opponent is female you will fail. You must therefore embrace and familiarise yourself 
with the concept of killing women, even very attractive women. 
It is not a secret that the average cultural conservative is a lot more chivalrous than the 
average person. After all, extreme feminism is a Marxist concept. As such, anti-Marxists 
usually have more traditional values and have been taught to revere women as they are 
the ones who will carry our offspring, the next generations. While being chivalrous is a 
good thing in ordinary day-to-day life, it will undoubtfully be fatal in any armed 
confrontation. If you are unable to think and act pragmatically and cynically you will most 
likely get yourself killed or arrested. Hesitation and doubt will lead to confusion which will 
severely endanger yourself and your operation. You have no choice but to use logical 
cynicism on the field of battle. 
If you are unwilling or incapable of killing women due to the principles of chivalry you 
should probably steer away completely from the armed resistance movements and 
should probably consider creating yet another right wing blog instead.  

