# 3.47 Avoiding apprehension/arrest and death

> 原文页码: 934-934

On a personal level though; had it been up to me, women would not be encouraged to 
become system protectors at all - police officers nor military personnel. Females on 
average (of course; there are always exceptions) are physically and mentally inferior 
(aprox 20-30%) on a field of battle. I am not comfortable with the concept of killing 
females as they are simply too valuable to be put in harm’s way. However, we have little 
choice under the current regimes as they are encouraged and even positively 
discriminated against when applying to become system protectors in many countries. 
In any case, all armed resistance fighters really have no choice but to get used to the 
idea. 
3.47 Avoiding apprehension/arrest and death
Let us be perfectly clear; if you are unwilling to martyr yourself for the cause, then the 
PCCTS, Knights Templar is not for you. On the other hand; if you are too eager to die, 
then you will lack the patience required to succeed. A balance between long term 
commitment, thorough planning and willingness to sacrifice is the central aspect of our 
military order.
One of the great strengths of our enemies, the Western European cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes is their vast resources and their advanced 
investigation/forensic capabilities. There are thousands of video cameras all over 
European major cities and you will always risk leaving behind dna, finger prints, 
witnesses or other evidence that will eventually lead to your arrest. They can also back 
trace your internet traffic in most cases and use infiltrators or informers. They are 
overwhelmingly superior in almost every aspect. But every 7 headed monster has an 
Achilles heel. This Achilles heel is their vulnerability against single/duo martyr cells.
The average chance of getting away with an execution of a category A traitor is less than 
10% while being at aprox. 30% for a category B traitor. In other words, don’t count on 
getting away with your actions and act accordingly. Since we have no intention of getting 
away with our actions we emphasise on causing maximum impact until we are physically 
prevented from continuing. 
The nature of our extremely distributed hierarchy through clandestine cells makes it very 
hard for them to stop these types of attacks, nearly impossible. The main problem 
however is that we are not likely to get away from it without being apprehended. There is 
currently no regime in the world who would accept our plea for political asylum after a 
devastating attack against a Western European regime. Serbia is partly under NATO 
occupation, Russia will not risk boycott at this stage, Armenia and Israel are too 
dependent on the West. No other regime would risk protecting or hiding us at this point 

