# 3.48 Quick summary – overview of the planning and operational phases for your mission

> 原文页码: 935-940

in time as it would be as suicidal as harboring Osama himself. No one should therefore 
sign up as a Justiciar Knight unless he is prepared to sacrifice himself for the cause. If 
you are caught, you will not see freedom again until the current regime is replaced with a 
cultural conservative alternative. This will happen earliest in 2030 but can take as long as 
to 2070/80.
As a consequence of this reality, a Justiciar Knight does not put restraints on himself. 
You put restraints on yourself because you think 
it’s still hope; hope to get out of it alive or free. 
This leads to hesitation, reluctance, confusion, 
delay and unnecessary danger and increases the 
risk of failure. The core strength of a Justiciar 
Knight is that we accept the fact that we’re already 
dead. In a way, this makes us partly immortal. 
How can we die when we are already dead? The 
sooner you accept that, the sooner you will be able 
to function as a soldier is supposed to function: 
without mercy, without hesitation, without compassion and without remorse. All war 
depends upon it. Fear is poison in combat, something everyone feels but try to suppress. 
If you allow fear to paralyze you, you will fail. You cannot allow this as it is destructive 
and even contagious. 
Have no doubt about it; you will get caught or you will die. Just get used to that idea and 
you will finally be able to fully function as a fearless Knight, as a devastating tool of war. 
Because only a truly fearless soldier carries within him the ability to inflict massive 
ideological damage on any of the EUSSR regimes.
3.48 Quick summary – overview of the planning and operational phases for your 
mission 
The Ideological Journey - Knowledge is Power
Reading the compendium: 2083 – A European Declaration of Independence, provides you 
with a large portion of the knowledge and education required to understand why we, the 
cultural conservatives, fight and lists many of our goals and intentions when we seize 
political and military power within a few decades.
Accepting your duties, embracing your destiny as a Justiciar Knight
See 3.65 Knights Templar Oath – Initiation Rite
This includes formally choosing the “Path of the Perfect Knight” which involves embracing 
an ascetic lifestyle, agreeing to voluntary poverty and accepting and swearing allegiance 
to the PCCTS, Knights Templar principles.
Preparation phases
1a. Financing phases
Length of phase: 6-12 months
Goal: providing funding for your operation, anywhere from 30 000 to 200 000 Euro + 
depending on your existing financial platform/job/career/education.
Work full time (preferably more) for 12 months to acquire enough capital to fund your 
operation and to reach a scenario where you will have the possibility to apply for and 
acquire credit card financing (multiple credit cards). 
This phase may obviously be ignored if you have other sources of funding such as real 
estate which can be converted into liquidity etc.
See: 3.25 for more information.
1b. Credit acquirement phase
Length of phase: 2 weeks to 2 months
Goal: providing additional funding for your operation, anywhere from 10 000 to 100 000 
Euro depending on several factors.
You will, under normal circumstances, need a good and credible income history for the 
full previous fiscal year (Jan-Dec of that year) in order to be able to apply for a high 
credit card limit for multiple cards. 
Start the credit acquirement phase BEFORE you quit your job, as the credit card company 
will need to be assured that you will have a stabile income for the future. 
This phase may obviously be ignored if you have other sources of funding such as real 
estate which can be converted into liquidity etc.
See: 3.25 for more information.
2. Cover-acquirement phase
Length of phase: 1 month to 3 months
Goal: to avoid suspicion (or to create a reasonable doubt) by creating credible covers
Create and establish credible and smart covers which will result in you avoiding suspicion 
from relatives, neighbours and friends. This phase also includes deliberate and gradual 
“de-socialisation” which means you will gradually isolate yourself from your traditional 
social networks if you haven’t already done this.
See “Planning the operation” for more information.
Operational and preparation phases
3a. Physical training and various operational simulations
See 3.32 for more information. This is not an isolated phase but can be combined with 
other phases.
Preparation period to 3b.
•
Buy 2-4 x Kingston DT Mini Slim USB pins
•
Buy a GPS receiver
•
Buy 2-3 water/moist proof storage containers, one for weapons and one for 
armour (brand: Pelican)
•
Buy 3-5 hard drives (IDE or SATA depending on your PC)
•
All data on explosives, weapons and armour (transfer to new PC as you will use it 
in research phase, discard everything else).
•
Destroy hard drives and discard all other sensitive data
•
Install new hard drive with programs
3b. Research phase (research weapons, armour, explosives)
Use Tor network (while following all Tor guidelines) or use an equivalent service which will 
mask your PC/IP identity when browsing the net. Alternatively, you can use an 
anonymous PC from a LAN network provided by Mc Donald’s or any available commercial 
services as long as they do not require you do ID yourself. The research phase may last 
anywhere from 2 weeks to 2 months.
When done, save all explosives/trigger related data and weapon/armour related data on 
separate USB pins (Kingston DT Mini Slim USB pins are excellent for storage) and store 
the two USB pins at safe locations (not in your home). As you are about to initiate your 
weapon/armour acquisition phase you will have to print out essential information (which 
is too hard to memorize) on a sheet of paper. Print out the data using letter size 4 (as 
small as practically possible) and try to compress all data on one single sheet. You may 
have to eat the sheet if anything happens so ensure that you have the info sheet close to 
you at all times. Store the following USB pins at safe locations:
•
1 explosives/trigger USB pin x 1
•
1 weapons/armour USB pin x 1
Now, as you are done with your research phase you must destroy your hard drive and 
replace it with a new one. To simply delete data from your disk is not sufficient due to 
advanced recovery technology). 
Preparation period to 3c.
Prior to the acquisition of weapons and armour you may want to create a cover relating 
to this phase. Print and fill out the application forms to either your military forces (foreign 
division) and/or to a foreign mercenary company (French foreign legions or any private 
intl. security company). By deliberately having the filled out forms “lying around”, you 
will create a reasonable doubt if you ever get compromised during the following phase.  
3c. Weapons and armour acquirement phase
You may order certain armour components from EBay (it is legal to order armour as long 
as you order the armour plates and armour carriers (empty vests) separately. However, 
be extremely careful when ordering online. Use FedEx as often as possible as the public 
postal service usually have stricter customs routines. Acquire the rest of the armour and 
the weapons/grenades from the black market in your own country or in another 
European country. Remember to acquire/replicate/create a police uniform with forged 
insignia. You may have to learn sewing techniques and order a portable sewing machine 
(available for less than 10 Euro on EBay). The weapons and armour acquirement phase 
may last anywhere from 2 to 10 months. 
When you have acquired all the weapons, armour and related gear, place all the 
equipment in your Peli case and store it by digging it down in a deserted and safe 
location of your choice. Remember to prepare the storage site before you actually bring 
the equipment to the site. You may or may not want to use a GPS tracker to correctly get 
the correct coordinates of your newly established “weapons/armour depot”. Just ensure 
that the coordinates displayed on your device is not in any way stored on your GPS 
tracker.
Preparation period to 3d.
You will have to rent f example a rural small farm (an urban garage may also work in rare 
cases) which will be your explosives acquisition base. You will also have to buy/rent a car. 
Consider renting a property at a remote location where privacy is assured. The property 
must have a relatively large outhouse where you are able to unload explosives 
components and store it if necessary. It is not recommended that you store primary 
explosives and secondary explosives at the same location as this may compromise your 
cover story in case of exposure. 
3d. High grade explosives (+ trigger devices, jet fuel/nitro-methane) 
acquirement phase
Primary explosive component
3e. Fertiliser acquirement phase 
Secondary explosive component
Preparation period to 4.
As soon as you have all the equipment and components required for your operation you 
may begin the final preparation phase. At this point in time you should begin your steroid 
cycle (6 week cycle).
Operational phases
4. Assembly phase
During this phase you will retrieve all caches and build/assemble your fertiliser based 
WMD (barrack buster). You must acquire the truck needed to deploy your payload. You 
will be extremely vulnerable during this phase so ensure that you complete it within 7 
days. If you are compromised during this phase you are obviously in serious trouble and 
risk life in prison so take all precautions and arm yourself at all times. Surrender at this 
point is not an option.
5. If apprehended during above phases, initiate plan B after acquittal
If you are apprehended during one of the above phases; use your cover(s) for all they 
are worth and do not accept any plea bargains (reduced sentence in exchange for 
admittance). The evidence required in order to generate a conviction is very high for 
political motivated crimes so chances are you will be acquitted unless you are arrested 
during the assembly phase. If you are acquitted or receive a short sentence you can be 
certain that you will be on top of any and all intelligence lists for the rest of your life (in 
your own country and even abroad), making the acquirement of 
weapons/armour/explosives and execution of an advance operation impossible. You must 
therefore disappear from the radar for a while and initiate your “plan B” using your two 
securely stored weapon/armour depots (this is the reason why we always store and 
secure primary weapons/armour before acquiring explosives. See 3.46 for more 
information.
6. Initiation of your operation
This is the big day you have been looking forward to for so long. Countless hours and 
perhaps years of preparation have rewarded you with this opportunity. Equip yourself and 
arm up, for today you will become immortal. 
Post-operational phases – propaganda and consolidation
7a. Apprehension 
If you for some reason survive the operation you will be apprehended and arrested. This 
is the point where most heroic Knights would call it a day. However, this is not the case 
for a Justiciar Knight. Your arrest will mark the initiation of the propaganda phase. 
7b. Your trial offers you a stage to the world
See 3.63, 3.64 and 3.57-3.60
7c. Contribution to consolidation from the inside
In light of your newly acquired status as a living martyr for the cause, this newly 
acquired influential position will allow you to significantly contribute to further 
consolidation of either a national or pan-European Overseer organization or the 
establishment of a national prison movement (preferably political).   
Alternatively:
7d. Escape from prison and initiate your “bonus operation”
If you established a “third depot” you may use this in order to execute your bonus 
operation which will involve the execution of 1-5 category A and B traitors of your choice.
See 3.33 for more information.
7e. A Perfect Knight fights even from the afterlife
They may physically kill a Justiciar Knight, but your name will be remembered for 
centuries. Your story will be told to future generations which will significantly contribute 
to the morale in the emerging Western European conservative resistance movement.  
See 3.61 for more information.
You will forever be celebrated by your people as a martyr for your country, protecting 
your culture and fighting for your kin and for Christendom. You will be remembered as a 
conservative revolutionary pioneer, one of the brave European Crusader heroes who said; 
enough is enough, it is time to take back our countries before our multiculturalist traitor 
elites actually manages to finalize their agenda and sell us all into Muslim slavery. Your 
sacrifice will be a great source of inspiration for generations of Europeans to come. You 
will become a role model for hundreds, perhaps thousands of new emerging martyrs 
fighting the good fight, our fight. And when we seize political and military power in 
Europe within a few decades, it will be pioneers and historical pioneers like you who will 
be celebrated with reverence. Revolutionary patriots like the Justiciar Knights will then be 
celebrated as destroyers of Marxism and the slayer of tyrants; the fearless and selfless 
protectors of Europe, The Perfect Knights. For there is no greater glory than dying 
selflessly while pro-actively protecting your people from persecution and gradual 
demographical annihilation.
We are destined to win in the end, as our people, all Europeans, are gradually waking up 
from their slumber and realising the deceitfulness and suicidal nature of multiculturalist 
doctrine. We do not only have the people on our side, we have the truth on our side, we 
have time on our side, we have the will of our ancestors and the will of God on our side.
What does the multiculturalist Globalist-Marxist-Islamist alliance have? They only have 
weak, decadent and gradually crumbling state apparatuses, the Quran, the Communist 
manifesto and the power of short term greed on their side. It may seem hopeless at 
times to fiercely assault a gigantic system as the EUSSR/USASSR hegemony. However, it 
is important to remember that it is not OUR military weight that will crush them during 
phase 1. We will use THEIR own weight against them. Think of the current 
EUSSR/USASSR hegemony as a gigantic self loathing monster who likes to cut itself. 
Ironically, they will provide a majority of these cuts themselves. By sapping their will to 
fight (death by a thousand cuts) through inflicting strategic economical, psychological 
and ideological damage, they will eventually be crushed under their own bureaucratical 
weight which will create a window of opportunity large enough for our brothers and 
sisters to seize political and military power in all Western European countries in the 
future. It is essential to understand that EVERY effort counts in this process which is why 
all European patriots should contribute in one way or the other in the coming decades. 
The bulk of the European patriotic forces (90%), must prepare, consolidate, acquire 
weapons and armour while sitting idle and waiting for that window of opportunity, a 
window of opportunity the Justiciar Knights will contribute to create sooner rather than 
later. 
This is the critical and essential mission we, the Justiciar Knights, have been tasked with. 
This is why we are willing to martyr ourselves for the cause, for the greater good of our 
people. Do not mourn us but celebrate us instead; and celebrate all European patriotic 

