# 3.5 A new era has come - the time for dialogue is now over

> 原文页码: 801-801

introducing cultural conservative policies but more than 95% of them have been rejected 
(due to the fact that all the other parties support multiculturalism and an appeasement 
approach).
EUSSR political terror and persecution
An increasing number of people will come to realise that a democratic victory in Europe is 
not possible. The “Austria/Haider incident” is a good illustration. As soon as a 
government is elected which opposes the “EU’s Eurabia project/European 
multiculturalism” they are immediately and effectively neutralised. In Austria’s example, 
EU imposed 7 months of sanctions and rallied the worlds cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
media organisations. There is ample evidence by reviewing the coverage during these 
events that the EU leaders and the European mainstream media deliberately launched a 
campaign of psychological warfare with the strategy of terrorising the Austrian population 
in order to achieve the goal of turning them against their leadership. The Austrian 
population was effectively coerced into changing their views as it is unbearable to be 
portrayed as “a country full of Nazis” by the world press.
Quick summary
1. We are subject to cultural Marxist/multiculturalist institutionalised ideological coercion 
and brainwashing through government institutions. Private institutions are forced to 
conform to the same cultural Marxist/multiculturalist principles. 
2. More or less every media organisation is propagating cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist 
principles. “Free press” in Western Europe does not exist. The mainstream media has 
been hijacked by cultural Marxists/multiculturalists and are not acting in the interest of 
Europeans and Europe. There is no freedom of speech in Europe. If you don’t cheer and 
embrace your own annihilation you are a racist bigot, an enemy of the establishment and 
must be suppressed, ridiculed, undermined and persecuted. This policy of oppression and 
persecution has been ongoing since the creation of multiculturalism in the 50s, 60s and 
70s. 
Political, cultural and media elites are colluding against the interests of free indigenous 
Europeans. 
3. The cultural Marxists/multiculturalists systematically import millions of voters which 
increases their political position from year to year. It is simply not possible to compete 
democratically with regimes who import millions of voters.
4. Right wing political parties fight an up-hill battle and every single bill and suggestion is 
ultimately rejected. This leaves the cultural conservatives (anti-multiculturalist) parties in 
Western Europe with zero influence. As such, the right wing parties indirectly contribute 
to pacify the cultural conservatives of Europe by giving them false hope. Instead of 
telling their sympathisers to give them their vote they should admit to everyone and 
announce publicly that the democratical struggle has been lost and that all cultural 
conservatives should initiate armed resistance against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
establishment. 
3.5 A new era has come - the time for dialogue is now over

