# 3.6 Explanation of the European Civil War - Phase 1, 2 and 3

> 原文页码: 802-802

“Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.”
John F. Kennedy
The cultural Marxists have for more than 50 years disregarded the will of the majority of 
Europeans. The time for dialogue is now over. The time for armed resistance has come.
The most basic human right is to defend oneself against deliberate cultural attacks or 
even an institutionalised cultural genocide of unprecedented historical proportions. It’s 
not just a right but a duty for all Europeans to defend oneself against such atrocities 
through armed struggle. We call upon you, fellow Europeans. Stop complaining and 
instead fight by our side.
We, the patriotic Europeans, will continue to effectively revolt against the “Nazis of our 
time”; the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites, who are leading us to the cultural 
slaughterhouse by selling us into Muslim slavery. 
Yes, we have lost the democratical struggle to defend Europe from deliberate cultural 
annihilation. As more people realise this we will see an increasing number of Europeans 
joining our ranks to fight by our side. 
Many brothers and sisters have fallen already, the pioneers, the brave heroes, and the 
first to pick up their guns. We are the legacy of these first “unknown” pioneers. We did 
not want this but we are left no choice. Armed struggle is the only rational approach.
We, the free indigenous peoples of Europe, hereby declare a pre-emptive war on all 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites of Western Europe. 
And we have a very clear message for you:
We know who you are, where you live and we are coming for you. If not today, then 
tomorrow, if not in 10 years, then in 50 years. We are in the process of flagging every 
single multiculturalist traitor in Western Europe. You will be punished for your treasonous 
acts against Europe, and Europeans. We will ensure that all category A and B traitors, the 
enablers of Islamisation and the destroyers of our cultures, nations and societies, will be 
executed and your property expropriated. 
It will take us up to 70 years to win, but there is no doubt in our minds that we will 
eventually succeed. Quite ironically, the ongoing Islamisation that you so actively 
facilitate will be your downfall. Soon enough, the desperate cries of the European masses 
will indicate that your Multiculturalist regimes are near their end. 
The Western European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes will fall before 2083, of 
that you can be certain.
3.6 Explanation of the European Civil War - Phase 1, 2 and 3
Phase of Dialogue, 1955-1999 

