# 3.7 There are four potential outcomes of Phase 2 and 3

> 原文页码: 803-803

-
From the creation of EU’s Eurabia project in combination with the implementation of 
cultural Marxism (European multiculturalism) in 1955 to the NATO bombing campaigns of 
Serbian forces in 1999 authorised by criminal Western European and US leaders.
European Civil War, Phase 1 – 1999-2030
-
Islam, 2-30% based on country
-
Open source warfare, military shock attacks by clandestine cell systems.
-
Further consolidation of conservative forces.
European Civil War, Phase 2 – 2030-2070
-
Islam, 15-40% based on country
-
Consolidation continues, more advanced forms of resistance groups.
-
Preparation for pan-European coup d’états.
European Civil War, Phase 3 – 2070-2083
-
Islam, 30-50% based on country
-
Pan-European coup d’états. Cultural Communism/multiculturalism defeated in the first 
European country followed by the rest.
-
The implementation of a Cultural Conservative political agenda begins. 
-
Execution of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist category A and B traitors initiated.
-
Deportation of Muslims initiated.
3.7 There are four potential outcomes of Phase 2 and 3
1.
The Multiculturalist Alliance might attempt to create several "mini-Pakistan’s" within Europe 
(granting Muslims territory/autonomy). This must be stopped at all costs. 
2.
Reformation of Islam resulting in a secularised and impotent version who rejects larger 
parts of Sharia law, the concept of Quranic abrogation, Al-Taqiyya, Jihad and every 
“intolerant” sura and hadith. This scenario is very unlikely due to the fact that it would only 
be supported by the secular Muslims.
3.
Coup - European Resistance Movements with the assistance of the national militaries will 
successfully overthrow the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe 
resulting in Muslim deportations (relatively few casualties). This scenario is the preferred 
outcome.
4.
Civil war (cultural conservatives vs. cultural Marxists and Muslim forces) - resulting in 
atrocities committed by both sides (Lebanon/Serbia variants). Atrocities such as acts of 
genocide or unchecked pogroms might be a result in scenario 1. 2. 3. or 4. Many 
inhabitants will flee to the US, Russia, Australia or New Zealand.
One of the above scenarios is likely to happen before the end of Phase 2 (2030-2070) or 
in Phase 3.

