# 3.8 Differentiating between and dealing with category A, B and C traitors: hardcore Marxists, cultural Marxists, suicidal humanists/career cynicists and capitalist globalists

> 原文页码: 804-806

3.8 Differentiating between and dealing with category A, B and C traitors: 
hardcore Marxists, cultural Marxists, suicidal humanists/career cynicists and 
capitalist globalists
One of the foundational problems in Europe today is that the multiculturalists and the 
suicidal humanists lie to everyone to preserve comfortable illusions. Political correctness 
is a mandatory lie in European societies. 
The multiculturalists have traditionally cheered the most violent totalitarian movements 
in other parts of the world as “freedom fighters” (Islamic and communist organisations) 
while native Europeans in Denmark, Germany, the UK or France who peacefully fight 
against becoming a persecuted minority in their own country always are labeled as 
racists, fascists, Nazis and generally the worst scum of the earth. Why are so called 
Palestinians who fight for their own country “nice” while Europeans doing the same 
labeled as “evil”? The answer is simple: Because native Norwegians, Brits, French, 
Germans are white Christians and therefore evil by default according to multiculturalist 
doctrines.
It is expected that native Europeans shall humbly watch and applaud their own 
annihilation and extinction. The fact that we are persecuted and harassed in our own 
countries does not violate our human rights because we are white Christians and 
therefore evil by default.   
It is a pretty terrifying prospect that the prevailing ideology that dominates Western 
Europe long term will result in the extermination of people like me and you. 
Nevertheless, it is the only plausible theoretical explanation of the current development. 
As such, multiculturalism is an inversed form of Nazism where white European Christians 
ends up at the bottom of the food chain instead of on top. Exactly how the Jews 
according to National Socialist doctrines automatically were blamed for everything that 
went wrong in society. Multiculturalisms doctrine teaches that “white racism” is the cause 
of all problems in our societies. The indigenous peoples of Europe are increasingly 
exposed to more violence, ridicule and persecution in cities all over Western Europe. This 
does not result in any sympathy whatsoever. The multiculturalists become increasingly 
hateful in their rhetorical attacks against us the more we are humiliated by Muslims, 
groups they mass import to our countries. This tells us everything we need to know 
about their real intentions. 
As we all know a large portion of the multiculturalists lie about their motives when 
justifying mass Muslim immigration. The most common lie is the “humanist justification”. 
If they were honest they would say the following:
We believe the typical European Christian man and woman, Christendom and European 
nationalism is the cancer of the world so we have decided to exterminate it. We will do this 
through multiculturalism. The next decades we will deconstruct European identity, 
European traditions, European culture, European Christendom and European nation states. 
This is a long term project that will involve new waves of the colonisation of Europe by the 
Islamic world etc.
Obviously, everyone with half a brain understands that this type of honesty would only 
result in violent uprisings. We, Europeans, would simply never accept it. This is why 
deceit is necessary and this is why all multiculturalists are using humanist principles as a 
deceptive mask to justify the overwhelming reforms we are witnessing today. Humanism 
is systematically exploited as a smoke screen by the multiculturalists and Muslim 
lobbyists that has resulted in liberal family reunification and political asylum 
arrangements. These are political mechanics which facilitates Islamic demographical 
warfare.
Differentiating between Marxists, humanists, career cynicists and capitalist 
globalists 
How shall we differentiate between hardcore Marxists, cultural Marxists, suicidal 
humanists/career cynicists and the capitalist globalists? The common factor here is that 
they all believe they are doing the right thing, so they all have good intentions, at least 
according to themselves. But this can also be said about Hitler, Stalin and Pol Pot. They 
were all idealists in their own twisted way. Regardless of their twisted intentions they are 
all mass murderers and must be treated as such. 
The only thing that separates Hitler, Stalin, Pol Pot with today’s cultural Marxists, suicidal 
humanists, career cynicists and capitalist globalists (multiculturalists) is that the tyrants 
of today are all directly responsible for the extermination of THEIR OWN people and 
intend to sell the rest into Islamic slavery. Never in the history of man has an ideology 
revolved around the concept of exterminating its own people. As such, multiculturalism is 
truly unique in human history. 
The intentions of our enemies in relation to future executions and a possible new 
Nurnberg process (prosecution of category A, B and C traitors).
Mapping the enemy (definitions):
Traditional Marxists, cultural Marxists, suicidal humanists, career cynicists and capitalist 
globalists – all support and propagate multiculturalism
Proving each individuals real intention is a complicated process as most of today’s 
cultural Marxists disguise their true agenda by using humanistic principles and rhetoric 
(at least publicly) as a basis for justifying their actions. However, we know that a good 
portion of them (more than 30% of our opposition) use this smoke screen of humanist 
deception to hide their hatred for everything European. 
What complicates this process further is the fact that the ongoing European civil war is 
not a class war but a cultural war. Motives are overlapping and old definitions are 
outdated. The old fundamental definitions were nationalists vs. communists, or socialists 
vs. capitalists. Many of today’s multiculturalists are capitalists and some of today’s 
cultural conservatives support a very solidaric economical system. More or less every 
humanist/social democrat etc. is a multiculturalist as they support liberal political 
mechanics such as family reunification and asylum arrangements which again facilitates 
Islamic demographical warfare. Some of these individuals are true humanists and just 
extremely naive, yet others are just hiding behind humanist rhetoric and really want to 
destroy European culture, traditions, identity, Christendom and national sovereignty.
An estimate showing the opponents of cultural conservative doctrines (anti-
nationalists): 
-
Hardcore Marxists: 10% (hateful intentions)
-
Cultural Marxists: 20% (semi hateful intentions)
-
Suicidal Humanists/career cynicists: 65% (suicidally naive/egotistical)
-
Capitalist globalists: 5% (greed)
100% of the above support and propagate multiculturalism.
Quotes such as the ones made by Andrew Neather adds to the documentation which 
proves that a relatively large multiculturalist network on all levels of European politics: 
political activists, journalists, politicians, NGO leaders - locally, nationally and on EU level 
have a deliberate plan to destroy European cohesion, identity, our culture by 
implementing multiculturalist doctrines and allowing mass Muslim immigration. This is 
most efficiently done by allowing millions of Muslims to colonise Europe. And they have 
done it for years, concealing it using humanist justification.
Andrew Neather, worked for Mr Straw and as a speech writer for Mr Blair. He  confirmed 
that a Government report in 2000 called for mass immigration to change Britain's cultural 
make-up forever [1][2][3]
Jack Straw and Tony Blair 'dishonestly' concealed a plan to allow in more immigrants and 
make Britain more multi-cultural because they feared a public backlash if it was made 
public,
The driving force and intention was also to humiliate Right-wing opponents of 
immigration and “destroy the conservatives once and for all”.
Conclusion
The common factor between all variations of multiculturalists is that they all believe they 
are doing the right thing, so they all have good intentions, at least according to 
themselves. But this can also be said about Hitler, Stalin and Pol Pot. They were all 
idealists in their own twisted way. Regardless of their twisted intentions they are all mass 
murderers and must be treated as such. 
No mercy will be shown for category A, B and C traitors. The punishment for high treason 
is the same whether you are a hardcore Marxist, cultural Marxist, suicidal humanist, 
career cynicist or a capitalist globalist.
Sources:
1. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/lawandorder/6418456/Labour-wanted-mass-immigration-to-make-UK-
more-multicultural-says-former-adviser.html
2. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1222613/Labour-let-migrants-engineer-multicultural-UK.html?
ITO=1490&referrer=yahoo 
3. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1222769/Dishonest-Blair-Straw-accused-secret-plan-multicultural-UK.html

