# 3.9 Demands/requests/pleas to our National Military Commands

> 原文页码: 807-808

3.9 Demands/requests/pleas to our National Military Commands
Introduction - The European National Military commands and the Islamisation 
of Europe
The European national military commands have a responsibility to serve and protect their 
people. They should immediately disallow the cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist 
government from continuing to implement the EU’s Eurabia project (European 
multiculturalism/Islamisation of Europe). They have a duty to stop the ongoing Islamic 
demographic warfare (mass Muslim immigration combined with high birth rates) waged 
against Europe by the Global Islamic Ummah.
The European national military commands should immediately and without hesitation 
declare martial law, suspend the constitution, secure the national borders, arrest, try and 
execute all category A and B traitors and implement cultural conservative rules and 
regulations specified in this document.
By refusing to take responsibility, the European national military commands are forcing 
their own people to take action and act in the form of creating militias or covert military 
orders. 
The following Demands/requests/pleas are directed to all Senior and Junior officers. We 
are aware of the fact that many officers are loyal to their government first and foremost 
and are thus serving the interests of the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites instead of 
serving the interests of their people. However, we know that a majority of Senior and 
Junior officers are very discontent with the current development and are looking 
(although not actively) for a window of opportunity which will allow them to begin serving 
the interests of their people. The following demands/requests/pleas are directed at them. 
Officers who are willing to sell out their own people and their country in order to serve 
their current cultural Marxist/multiculturalist governments will be considered traitors and 
will face a severe punishment in Phase 2 and 3. 
Demands/requests/pleas to our National Military Commands
To the:
The British Armed Forces, The Military of France, The Bundeswehr, The Military of the 
Netherlands, The Military of Belgium, The Military of Luxembourg, The Swedish Army, 
The Royal Danish Army, The Royal Norwegian Army, The Finnish Army, The Spanish 
Armed Forces, The Portuguese Armed Forces, The Italian Army, The Hellenic Army, The 
Military of Switzerland, The Austrian Armed Forces, The Military of Iceland, The Armed 
Forces of Malta, The Irish Defence Forces
We, the free, indigenous peoples of the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the 
Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Spain, 
Portugal, Italy, Greece, Switzerland, Austria, Iceland, Malta and Ireland
hereby demand that our National Military Command immediately and without hesitation 
initiate preparations to seize political control of the country through a coup d’état, 
declaring martial law, suspending the constitution, securing the national borders, key 
institutions, arrest, try and execute all category A and B traitors and implementing 
cultural conservative rules and regulations (through military tribunals).
The Western European governments and the rest of the Multiculturalist Alliance are guilty 
of high treason for various crimes against the indigenous peoples of Europe (see charges 
1-8). The Multiculturalist Alliance must be stopped immediately and without hesitation 
before further crimes are committed against the indigenous peoples of Europe. 
We demand that you immediately contribute to stop the implementation of the European 
hate ideology known as multiculturalism. The ideology of multiculturalism should 
immediately be removed from all government policies and school curricula, and the new 
state should adopt a policy of supporting the continuation of the cultural heritage and 
traditions of the indigenous populations.
We demand that you contribute to legally re-classify Islam as a totalitarian, racist and 
violent political ideology and that the Quran and Hadith are banned altogether.
We strongly urge you to acknowledge the fact that an Islamic demographic warfare 
(through mass Muslim immigration combined with an average Muslim birth-rate of 3-4) is 
being waged against the Western European countries by the Global Islamic Ummah.
We demand that you immediately act upon this deliberate invasion/colonisation and 
support the implementation of necessary counter-measures in the form of: 
1. Implementation of the assimilation policy included in this document
or
2. Deport all Muslim individuals from European soil (who fail to follow the assimilation 
policy or whom are not given the opportunity). 
When you do decide to act; a State of emergency should last until the national military 
and their cultural conservative political advisers have successfully deported all Muslims 
and implemented all necessary reforms. Suggested strategies regarding the 
implementation of reforms and deportations are and will continue to be elaborated in 
detail.
Declaring Martial law, suspending the constitution and securing control of the state 
administration has to be done as soon as possible. The longer you wait the harder it will 
be to avoid massive casualties on both sides. To illustrate the problem; The cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists have for the last decades constructed an Islamic demographical 
minefield across Western Europe; If we touch it and try to solve the problem now, 
through mass deportations, it will blow up and thousands of people will die. However, if 
we continue to ignore and delay it, it will also eventually blow up. But then, hundreds of 
thousands, perhaps millions of people will die. The choice is easy. Act as soon as humanly 
possible!
The only pragmatical approach is to begin making preparations and to act as soon as 
possible!
Until the day you decide to act; we, the free peoples of Western Europe will have no 
choice but to take matters into our own hands and act accordingly. The PCCTS, Knights 
Templar is a manifestation of this initial struggle, phase 1 of the Western European civil 
war. 

