# 2.1 EU’s Eurabia Project (The Eurabia Code) - Documenting EU’s deliberate strategy to Islamise Europe

> 原文页码: 280-307

2. Europe Burning (Book 2)
In this book we review and analyse Europe’s current problems. We 
will also look at possible solutions
“You shall know the truth and the truth shall make you mad.”
Aldous Huxley
2.1 EU’s Eurabia Project (The Eurabia Code) - Documenting EU’s deliberate 
strategy to Islamise Europe
EU’s Eurabia Project – Documenting the EU’s deliberate strategy to gradually Islamise 
Europe. The Eurabia Code is a developed work of what Bat Ye'or' started in her 
groundbreaking book Eurabia: The Euro-Arab Axis.
Eurabia: Arab League states, current and prospective European Union members and 
Israel.
By Fjordman
I decided to write this essay after a comment from 
a journalist, not a Leftist by my country's 
standards, who dismissed Eurabia as merely a 
conspiracy theory, one on a par with The Protocols 
of the Elders of Zion. I do not disagree with the 
fact that conspiracy theories exist, nor that they 
can be dangerous. After all, the Protocols and the 
Dolchstosslegende, or "stab in the back myth" - the 
idea that Germany didn't lose WW1 but was 
betrayed by Socialists, intellectuals and Jews - 
helped pave the way for Adolf Hitler and the Nazis 
before WW2. 
However, what puzzles me is that it is a widely-held belief of many (not just in the 
Islamic world but in Europe and even in the United States) that the terror attacks that 
brought down the Twin Towers in New York City on September 11th 2001 were really a 
controlled demolition staged by the American government and then blamed on Muslims. I 
have seen this thesis talked about many times in Western media. While it is frequently 
(though not always) dismissed and mocked, it is least mentioned. 
In contrast, Eurabia - which asserts that the Islamisation of Europe didn't happen merely 
by accident but with the active participation of European political leaders - is hardly ever 
referred to at all, despite the fact that it is easier to document. Does the notion of 
Eurabia hit too close to home? Perhaps it doesn't fit with the anti-American disposition of 
many journalists? Curiously enough, even those left-leaning journalists who are 
otherwise critical of the European Union because of its free market elements never write 
about Eurabia. 
Because of this, I am going to test whether the Eurabia thesis is correct, or at least 
plausible. I have called this project The Eurabia Code, alluding to author Dan Brown's 
massive bestseller The Da Vinci Code. Brown's fictional account "documents" a 
conspiracy by the Church to cover up the truth about Jesus. I'm not sure my work will 
become equally popular, but I'm pretty sure it's closer to reality. The next time Mr. Brown 
wants to write about massive conspiracies in Europe, he would be well-advised to set his 
eyes at Brussels rather than Rome. It would be a whole lot more interesting. 
What follows is a brief outline of the thesis put forward by writer Bat Ye'or in her book 
Eurabia: The Euro-Arab Axis. My information is based on her book (which should be read 
in full). In addition I have drawn from some of her articles and interviews. I republish the 
information with her blessing, but this summary is completely my own. 
In an interview with Israeli newspaper Haaretz, Bat Ye'or explained how French President 
Charles de Gaulle, disappointed by the loss of the French colonies in Africa and the 
Middle East as well as with France's waning influence in the international arena, decided 
in the 1960's to create a strategic alliance with the Arab and Muslim world to compete 
with the dominance of the United States and the Soviet Union. 
"This is a matter of a total transformation of Europe, which is the result of an intentional 
policy," said Bat Ye'or. "We are now heading towards a total change in Europe, which will 
be more and more Islamicised and will become a political satellite of the Arab and Muslim 
world. The European leaders have decided on an alliance with the Arab world, through 
which they have committed to accept the Arab and Muslim approach toward the United 
States and Israel. This is not only with respect to foreign policy, but also on issues 
engaging European society from within, such as immigration, the integration of the 
immigrants and the idea that Islam is part of Europe." 
"Europe is under a constant threat of terror. Terror is a way of applying pressure on the 
European countries to surrender constantly to the Arab representatives' demands. They 
demand, for example, that Europe always speak out for the Palestinians and against 
Israel."
 
Thus, the Eurabian project became an enlarged vision of the anti-American Gaullist policy 
dependent upon the formation of a Euro-Arab entity hostile to American influence. It 
facilitated European ambitions to maintain important spheres of influence in the former 
European colonies, while opening huge markets for European products in the Arab world, 
especially in oil-producing countries, in order to secure supplies of petroleum and natural 
gas to Europe. In addition, it would make the Mediterranean a Euro-Arab inland sea by 
favoring Muslim immigration and promoting multiculturalism with a strong Islamic 
presence in Europe. 
The use of the term "Eurabia" was first introduced in the mid-1970s, as the title of a 
journal edited by the President of the Association for Franco-Arab Solidarity, Lucien 
Bitterlein, and published collaboratively by the Groupe d'Etudes sur le Moyen-Orient 
(Geneva), France-Pays Arabes (Paris), and the Middle East International (London). Their 
articles called for common Euro-Arab positions at every level. These concrete proposals 
were not the musings of isolated theorists; instead they put forth concrete policy 
decisions conceived in conjunction with, and actualised by, European state leaders and 
European Parliamentarians. 
During a November 27, 1967 press conference, Charles de Gaulle stated openly that 
French cooperation with the Arab world had become "the fundamental basis of our 
foreign policy." By January 1969, the Second International Conference in Support of the 
Arab Peoples, held in Cairo, in its resolution 15, decided "...to form special parliamentary 
groups, where they did not exist, and to use the parliamentary platform support of the 
Arab people and the Palestinian resistance." Five years later in Paris, July 1974, the 
Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation was created, under the Euro-Arab 
Dialogue rubric. 
Bat Ye'or has highlighted this shared Euro-Arab political agenda. The first step was the 
construction of a common foreign policy. France was the driving force in this unification, 
which had already been envisaged by General de Gaulle's inner circle and Arab 
politicians. 
The Arab states demanded from Europe access to Western science and technology, 
European political independence from the United States, European pressure on the 
United States to align with their Arab policy and demonisation of Israel as a threat to 
world peace, as well as measures favorable to Arab immigration and dissemination of 
Islamic culture in Europe. This cooperation would also included recognition of the 
Palestinians as a distinct people and the PLO and its leader Arafat as their representative. 
Up to 1973 they had been known only as Arab refugees, even by other Arabs. The 
concept of a Palestinian "nation" simply did not exist. 
During the 1973 oil crisis, the Arab members of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting 
Countries announced that, due to the ongoing Yom Kippur War between Israel and its 
Arab neighbours Egypt and Syria, OPEC would no longer ship petroleum to Western 
nations that supported Israel. The sudden increase in oil prices was had lasting effects. 
Not only did it create a strong influx of petrodollars to countries such as Saudi Arabia, 
which permitted the Saudis to fund a worldwide Islamic resurgence, but it also had an 
impact in the West, especially in Europe. 
However, Arab leaders had to sell their oil. Their people are very dependent on European 
economic and technological aid. The Americans made this point during the oil embargo in 
1973. According to Ye'or, although the oil factor certainly helped cement the Euro-Arab 
Dialogue, it was primarily a pretext to cover up a policy that emerged in France before 
that crisis occurred. The policy, conceived in the 1960s, had strong antecedents in the 
French 19th-century dream of governing an Arab empire. 
This political agenda has been reinforced by the deliberate cultural transformation of 
Europe. Euro-Arab Dialogue Symposia conducted in Venice (1977) and Hamburg (1983) 
included recommendations that have been successfully implemented. These 
recommendations were accompanied by a deliberate, privileged influx of Arab and other 
Muslim immigrants into Europe in enormous numbers. 
The recommendations included: 
1. Coordination of the efforts made by the Arab countries to spread the Arabic language 
and culture in Europe, 
2. Creation of joint Euro-Arab Cultural Centers in European capitals, 
3. The necessity of supplying European institutions and universities with Arab teachers 
specialised in teaching Arabic to Europeans, and 
4. The necessity of cooperation between European and Arab specialists in order to present 
a positive picture of Arab-Islamic civilisation and contemporary Arab issues to the educated 
public in Europe. 
These agreements could not be set forth in written documents and treaties due to their 
politically sensitive and fundamentally undemocratic nature. The European leaders thus 
carefully chose to call their ideas "dialogue." All meetings, committees and working 
groups included representatives from European Community nations and the European 
Council along with members from Arab countries and the Arab League. Proceedings and 
decisions took place in closed sessions. No official minutes were recorded. 
The Euro-Arab Dialogue (EAD) is a political, economic and cultural institution designed to 
ensure perfect cohesion between Europeans and Arabs. Its structure was set up at 
conferences in Copenhagen (15 December 1973), and Paris (31 July 1974). The principal 
agent of this policy is the European Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, 
founded in 1974. The other principal organs of The Dialogue are the MEDEA Institute and 
the European Institute of Research on Mediterranean and Euro-Arab Cooperation, created 
in 1995 with the backing of the European Commission. 
In an interview with Jamie Glazov of Frontpage Magazine, Ye'or explained how "in 
domestic policy, the EAD established a close cooperation between the Arab and European 
media television, radio, journalists, publishing houses, academia, cultural centers, school 
textbooks, student and youth associations, tourism. Church interfaith dialogues were 
determinant in the development of this policy. Eurabia is therefore this strong Euro-Arab 
network of associations - a comprehensive symbiosis with cooperation and partnership on 
policy, economy, demography and culture." 
Eurabia's driving force, the Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, was 
created in Paris in 1974. It now has over six hundred members - from all major European 
political parties - active in their own national parliaments, as well as in the European 
parliament. France continues to be the key protagonist of this association. 
A wide-ranging policy was sketched out. It entailed a symbiosis of Europe with the 
Muslim Arab countries that would endow Europe - and especially France, the project's 
prime mover - with a weight and a prestige to rival that of the United States. This policy 
was undertaken quite discreetly, and well outside of official treaties, using the innocent-
sounding name of the Euro-Arab Dialogue. The organisation functioned under the 
auspices of European government ministers, working in close association with their Arab 
counterparts, and with the representatives of the European Commission and the Arab 
League. The goal was the creation of a pan-Mediterranean entity, permitting the free 
circulation both of men and of goods.
On the cultural front there began a complete re-writing of history, which was first 
undertaken during the 1970s in European universities. This process was ratified by the 
parliamentary assembly of the Council of Europe in September 1991, at its meeting 
devoted to "The Contribution of the Islamic Civilisation to European culture." It was 
reaffirmed by French President Jacques Chirac in his address of April 8, 1996 in Cairo, 
and reinforced by Romano Prodi, president of the powerful European Commission, the 
EU's "government," and later Italian Prime Minister, through the creation of a Foundation 
on the Dialogue of Cultures and Civilisations. This foundation was to control everything 
said, written and taught about Islam in Europe. 
Over the past three decades, the EEC and the EU's political and cultural organisations 
have invented a fantasy Islamic civilisation and history. The historical record of violations 
of basic human rights for all non- Muslims and women under sharia (Islamic Law) is 
either ignored or dismissed. In this worldview the only dangers come from the United 
States and Israel. The creators of Eurabia have conducted a successful propaganda 
campaign against these two countries in the European media. This fabrication was made 
easier by pre-existing currents of anti-Semitism and anti-Americanism in parts of Europe, 
although both sentiments have been greatly inflated by Eurabians and their collaborators. 
On January 31, 2001, with the recrudescence of Palestinian terrorist jihad, European 
Foreign Affairs Commissioner Chris Patten declared to the European Parliament that 
Europe's foreign policy should give special attention to its southern flank (the Arab 
countries, in EU jargon), adding that he was delighted by the general agreement to give 
greater visibility to the Mediterranean Partnership. 
Bat Ye'or thinks that "Our politicians are perfectly informed of Islamic history and current 
policies by their embassies, agents and specialists. There is no innocence there, but 
tremendous inflexibility in corruption, cynicism and the perversion of values." 
In the preface to her book, she states that "This book describes Europe's evolution from 
a Judeo-Christian civilisation, with important post-Enlightenment secular elements, into a 
post- Judeo-Christian civilisation that is subservient to the ideology of jihad and the 
Islamic powers." 
The new European civilisation in the making can correctly be termed a ''civilisation of 
dhimmitude.'' The word dhimmitude comes from the Koranic word ''dhimmi.'' It refers to 
the subjugated, non-Muslim individuals who accept restrictive and humiliating 
subordination to Islamic power in order to avoid enslavement or death. The entire Muslim 
world as we know it today is a product of this 1,300 year-old jihad dynamic, whereby 
once thriving non-Muslim majority civilisations have been reduced to a state of 
dysfunction and dhimmitude. The dhimmis are inferior beings who endure humiliation 
and aggression in silence. This arrangement allows Muslims to enjoy an impunity that 
increases both their hatred and their feeling of superiority, under the protection of the 
law. 
Eurabia is a novel new entity. It possesses political, economic, religious, cultural, and 
media components, which are imposed on Europe by powerful governmental lobbies. 
While Europeans live within Eurabia's constraints, outside of a somewhat confused 
awareness, few are really conscious of them on a daily basis. 
This Eurabian policy, expressed in obscure wording, is conducted at the highest political 
levels and coordinated over the whole of the European Union. It spreads an anti-
American and anti-Semitic Euro-Arab sub-culture into the fiber of every social, media and 
cultural sector. Dissidents are silenced or boycotted. Sometimes they are fired from their 
jobs, victims of a totalitarian "correctness" imposed mainly by the academic, media and 
political sectors. 
According to Ye'or, France and the rest of Western Europe can no longer change their 
policy: "It is a project that was conceived, planned and pursued consistently through 
immigration policy, propaganda, church support, economic associations and aid, cultural, 
media and academic collaboration. Generations grew up within this political framework; 
they were educated and conditioned to support it and go along with it." 
Are Bat Ye'or's claims correct, or even possible? 
Bernard Lewis has pointed out that, by common consent among historians, "the modern 
history of the Middle East begins in the year 1798, when the French Revolution arrived in 
Egypt in the form of a small expeditionary force led by a young general called Napoleon 
Bonaparte-who conquered and then ruled it for a while with appalling ease." 
In an unsuccessful effort to gain the support of the Egyptian populace, Napoleon issued 
[1] proclamations praising Islam. "People of Egypt," he proclaimed upon his entry to 
Alexandria in 1798, "You will be told that I have come to destroy your religion; do not 
believe it! Reply that I have come to restore your rights, to punish the usurpers, and that 
more than the Mamluks, I respect God, his Prophet, and the Qur'an." 
According to an eyewitness, Napoleon ended his proclamation with the phrase, "God is 
great and Muhammad is his prophet." To Muslim ears, this sounded like the shahada - 
the declaration of belief in the oneness of Allah and in Prophet Muhammad as his last 
messenger. Recitation of the shahadah, the first of the five pillars of Islam, is considered 
to mark one's conversion to Islam. Muslims could thus conclude that Napoleon had 
converted to Islam [2]. In fact, one of his generals, Jacques Ménou, did convert to Islam. 
The French were later defeated and forced to leave Egypt by the English admiral Lord 
Nelson. Although the French expedition to Egypt lasted only three years, it demonstrated 
that the West was now so superior to the Islamic world that Westerners could enter the 
Arab heartland, then still a part of the Ottoman Empire, at will. Only another Western 
power could force them to leave. The shock of this realisation triggered the first attempts 
to reform Islam in the 19th century. 
A positive result of Western conquest was the influx of French scientists into Egypt and 
the foundation of modern Egyptology. Most importantly, it led to the discovery of the 
Rosetta Stone, which was later used by French philologist Jean-François Champollion to 
decipher the ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs. However, the encounter also left a lasting 
impact in Europe, and above all in France. 
The French invasion of Algeria in 1830 marked another chapter in this tale. Later, the 
French ruled Tunisia and Morocco. Finally, after the First World War, the French gained 
mandates over the former Turkish territories of the Ottoman Empire that make up what 
is now Syria and Lebanon. After the Second World War, French troops gradually left Arab 
lands, culminating with war and Algerian independence in 1962. However, their long 
relationship with Arabs resulted in France's belief that she had a special relationship with 
and an understanding of Arabs and Muslims. Along with French leadership in continental 
Europe, this would now provide the basis of a new foreign policy. 
President de Gaulle pushed for a France and a Europe independent of the two 
superpowers. In a speech, he stated that "Yes, it is Europe, from the Atlantic to the 
Urals, it is Europe, it is the whole of Europe, that will decide the destiny of the world." In 
1966, he withdrew France from the common NATO military command, but remained 
within the organisation. 
Following the Six Days War in 1967, de Gaulle's condemnation of the Israelis for their 
occupation of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip marked a significant change in French 
foreign policy. Previously, France - as well as the rest of Western Europe - had been 
strongly pro-Israel, even going to war together with Israel as late as 1956 against 
Nasser's Egypt. From 1967 on, however, France embarked on a decidedly pro-Arab 
course. 
It has been said that English foreign policy has remained the same since the 16th 
century. Its goal was to prevent any country, whether Spain, France, or later Germany, 
from dominating continental Europe to the extent that it represents a threat to England. 
On the other hand, one could argue that French foreign policy has also remained the 
same for several centuries; its goal is to champion French leadership over Europe and the 
Mediterranean region in order to contain Anglo-Saxon (and later Anglo-American) 
dominance. This picture was complicated by the unification of Germany in the late 19th 
century, but its outlines remain to this day. 
Napoleon is the great hero of French PM de Villepin. Several prominent French leaders 
stated quite openly in 2005 that the proposed EU Constitution was basically an enlarged 
France. Justice Minister Dominique Perben said: "We have finally obtained this 'Europe à 
la française' that we have awaited for so long. This constitutional treaty is an enlarged 
France. It is a Europe written in French." 
From its inception, European integration has been [3] a French-led enterprise. The fact 
that the French political elite have never renounced the maintenance of their leadership 
over Europe was amply demonstrated during the Iraq war. President Chirac famously said 
in 2003 after Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic backed the US position "They 
missed a good opportunity to shut up," adding "These countries have been not very well 
behaved and rather reckless of the danger of aligning themselves too rapidly with the 
American position." 
Jean Monnet, French economist never elected to public office, is regarded by many as the 
architect of European integration. Monnet was a well-connected pragmatist who worked 
behind the scenes towards the gradual creation of European unity. 
Richard North, publisher of the blog EU Referendum [4] and co-author (with Christopher 
Booker) of The Great Deception: Can The European Union Survive, relates that for years 
- at least from the 1920s - Jean Monnet had dreamed of building a "United States of 
Europe." Although what Monnet really had in mind was the creation of a European entity 
with all the attributes of a state, an "anodyne phrasing was deliberately chosen with a 
view to making it difficult to dilute by converting it into just another intergovernmental 
body. It was also couched in this fashion so that it would not scare off national 
governments by emphasising that its purpose was to override their sovereignty." 
In their analysis of the EU's history, the authors claim that the EU was not born out of 
WW2, as many people seem to think. It had been planned at least a generation before 
that. 
The Schuman Declaration of 9 May 1950, widely presented as the beginning of the efforts 
towards a European Union and commemorated in "Europe Day," contains phrases which 
state that it is "a first step in the federation of Europe", and that "this proposal will lead 
to the realisation of the first concrete foundation of a European federation." However, as 
critics of the EU have noted, these political objectives are usually omitted when the 
Declaration is referred to, and most people are unaware of their existence. 
A federation is, of course, a State and "yet for decades now the champions of EC/EU 
integration have been swearing blind that they have no knowledge of any such plans. The 
EEC/EC/EU has steadily acquired ever more features of a supranational Federation: flag, 
anthem, Parliament, Supreme Court, currency, laws." 
The EU founders "were careful only to show their citizens the benign features of their 
project. It had been designed to be implemented incrementally, as an ongoing process, 
so that no single phase of the project would arouse sufficient opposition as to stop or 
derail it." 
Booker and North call the European Union "a slow-motion coup d'état: the most 
spectacular coup d'état in history," designed to gradually and carefully sideline the 
democratic process and subdue the older nation states of Europe without saying so 
publicly.
The irony is that France is now held hostage [5] by the very forces she herself set in 
motion. The Jihad riots by Muslim immigrants in France in 2005 demonstrated that 
Eurabia is no longer a matter of French foreign policy, it is now French domestic policy. 
France will burn unless she continues to appease Arabs and agree to their agenda. 
The growth of the Islamic population is explosive. According to some, one out of three 
babies born in France is a Muslim. Hundreds of Muslim ghettos already de facto follow 
sharia, not French law. Some believe France will quietly become a Muslim country, while 
others are predicting a civil war in the near future. 
Maybe there is some poetic justice in the fact that the country that initiated and has led 
the formation of Eurabia will now be destroyed by its own Frankenstein monster. 
However, gloating over France's dilemma won't help. The impending downfall of France is 
bad news for the rest of the West. What will happen to French financial resources? Above 
all, who will inherit hundreds of nuclear warheads? Will these weapons fall into the hands 
of Jihadist Muslims, too? 
MEDEA (the European Institute for Research on Mediterranean and Euro-Arab 
Cooperation), supported by the European Commission, is one of the key components of 
the Euro-Arab dialogue. On its own webpage, it states that: 
"The Euro-Arab Dialogue as a forum shared by the European Community and the League 
of Arab States arose out of a French initiative and was launched at the European Council 
in Copenhagen in December 1973, shortly after the "October War" and the oil embargo. 
As the Europeans saw it, it was to be a forum to discuss economic affairs, whereas the 
Arab side saw it rather as one to discuss political affairs. 
MEDEA Institute wishes to be a resource and a reference point for people wanting to 
engage in the Euro-Mediterranean dialogue. Via its meetings and talks the Institute seeks 
to create exchanges between political, economic, and diplomatic players, experts, 
journalists, academics and others." 
As Bat Ye'or points out, while most of the workings of Eurabia are hidden from the public 
view, sometimes we can catch glimpses of it if we know what to look for. If you search 
the archives of the MEDEA website and other sources and read the documents carefully, 
the information is there. Even more material exists on paper, both in French and in 
English. I argue, as does Bat Ye'or, that there are sufficient amounts of information 
available to validate the thesis of Eurabia. 
One of the documents Bat Ye'or was kind enough to send me (which she mentions in the 
French version of her book about Eurabia but not in the English version) is the Common 
Strategy of the European Council - Vision of the EU for the Mediterranean Region, from 
June 19th 2000. 
It includes many recommendations, such as: 
"to elaborate partnership-building measures, notably by promoting regular consultations 
and exchanges of information with its Mediterranean partners, support the interconnection 
of infrastructure between Mediterranean partners, and between them and the EU, take all 
necessary measures to facilitate and encourage the involvement of civil society as well as 
the further development of human exchanges between the EU and the Mediterranean 
partners. NGOs will be encouraged to participate in cooperation at bilateral and regional 
levels. Particular attention will be paid to the media and universities [my emphasis]." 
It also includes the goal of assisting the Arab partners with "the process of achieving free 
trade with the EU." This may be less innocent than it sounds, as I will come back to later. 
The Strategy also wants to "pursue, in order to fight intolerance, racism and xenophobia, 
the dialogue between cultures and civilisations." Notice that this statement preceded 
both the start of the second Palestinian intifada as well as the terror attacks of 
September 11th 2001. It was thus part of an ongoing process, rather than a response to 
any particular international incident. 
One point in the document is particularly interesting. The EU wanted to "promote the 
identification of correspondences between legal systems of different inspirations in order 
to resolve civil law problems relating to individuals: laws of succession and family law, 
including divorce." 
In plain English, it is difficult to see this bureaucratic obfuscation as anything other than 
an indicator that the EU countries will be lenient, adjusting their secular legislation to the 
sharia requirements of Muslim immigrants in family matters. 
In another document from December 2003, which is available online, Javier Solana, the 
Secretary General of the Council of the European Union, Romano Prodi, President of the 
European Commission and Chris Patten, member of the European Commission, have 
signed a plan for "Strengthening the EU's Partnership with the Arab World." 
This includes the creation of a free trade area, but also plans to "invigorate 
cultural/religious/civilisation and media dialogue using existing or planned instruments, 
including the planned Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue of Cultures and 
Civilisations. 
Arab immigrants make a substantial contribution to the development of Europe. The EU 
is firmly committed to fight all manifestations of racism and discrimination in all its 
forms. [What constitutes discrimination? Secular laws?] Full respect for the rights of 
immigrants in Europe is a consistent policy throughout Europe. Its implementation should 
be improved further and co-operation in the framework of existing agreements should be 
enhanced to take into account the concerns of Arab partners." 
Super-Eurocrat Romano Prodi wants more cooperation with Arab countries. He talks 
about a free trade zone with the Arab world, but this implies that Arab countries would 
enjoy access to the four freedoms of the EU's inner market, which includes the free 
movement of people across national borders. This fact, the potentially massive 
implications of establishing an "inner market" with an Arab world with a booming 
population growth, is virtually NEVER debated or even mentioned in European media. Yet 
it could mean the end of Europe as we once knew it. 
Another statement [6] from the "Sixth Euro-Med Ministerial Conference: reinforcing and 
bringing the Partnership forward" in Brussels, 28 November 2003, makes the intention of 
this internal Euro-Mediterranean market: 
"This initiative offers the EU's neighbouring partners, in exchange for tangible political and 
economic reforms, gradual integration into the expanded European internal market and the 
possibility of ultimately reaching the EU's four fundamental freedoms: free movement of 
goods, services, capital and people [my emphasis]. Ministers are also expected to back 
the Commission's proposal1 to set up a Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue of 
Cultures, a Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly." 
In June 2006, then newly elected Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi stated that [7]: 
"It's time to look south and relaunch a new policy of cooperation for the Mediterranean." 
Prodi was outlining a joint Italian-Spanish initiative which sought to provide countries 
facing the Mediterranean with "different" political solutions from those offered in the 
Euro-Mediterranean partnership. The prime minister then explained that the Barcelona 
Process - whose best known aspect is the creation of a free trade zone by 2010 - was no 
longer sufficient and a new different approach was needed. "The countries on the 
southern shores of the Mediterranean expect that from us" he added. 
Notice how Prodi, whom Bat Ye'or has identified as a particularly passionate Eurabian, 
referred to what the Arabs expected from European leaders. He failed to say whether or 
not there was great excitement among Europeans over the prospect of an even freer flow 
of migrants from Arab countries and Turkey, which is what will result from this "Euro-
Mediterranean free trade zone." 
During the Euro-Mediterranean mid-term Meeting of Ministers of Foreign Affairs in Dublin 
in May 2004 [8], the participants declared that: 
"Work is now in progress to develop an agreed view on relations with the area which 
extends from Mauritania to Iran - the Mediterranean and the Middle East. The [European] 
Union has proposed to include Mediterranean partners in the European Neighbourhood 
Policy."
 
The EU can offer a more intensive political dialogue and greater access to EU programmes 
and policies, including their gradual participation in the four freedoms particularly the 
Single Market, as well as reinforced co-operation on justice and home affairs." 
Again, exactly what does "co-operation on justice and home affairs" with Egypt, Syria 
and Algeria mean? I don't know, but I'm not sure whether I will like the answer. 
The Barcelona declaration [9] from 1995 encouraged "contacts between 
parliamentarians" and invited the European Parliament, with other Parliaments, to launch 
"the Euro-Mediterranean parliamentary dialogue." In March 2004, this was converted into 
a specific institution called The Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly, EMPA (pdf) 
[10]. During the Euro-Mediterranean Ministerial Conference in Crete in May 2003, the 
Ministers included a provision which envisaged the consultative role the Parliamentary 
Assembly will play within the framework of the Barcelona process. 
EU Commissioner Chris Patten has reiterated the European Commission's readiness to 
co-operate fully with the Assembly, giving the Assembly the right to comment on any 
subject of interest to the Euro-Arab Dialogue. 
The Assembly consists of 120 members from EU countries, both members of national 
parliaments and of the European Parliament, and an equal number of representatives 
from the Parliaments of the Mediterranean partner countries. 
Like most Europeans, I hadn't even heard about this institution before coming across it 
during an Internet search. However, it is apparently going to influence the future of my 
entire continent. This set-up leaves me with some questions. When we know that these 
"Mediterranean partner countries" include non-democratic Arab countries such as Syria, 
isn't it disturbing that representatives from these countries should participate in a 
permanent institution with consultative powers over the internal affairs of the European 
Union? Especially when we know that our own, democratically elected national 
parliaments have already been reduced to the status of "consultation" with unelected 
federal EU lawmakers in Brussels? 
The Algiers Declaration [11] for a Shared Vision of the Future was made after a Congress 
held in Algeria in February 2006. The document states that: "It is essential to create a 
Euro-Mediterranean entity founded on Universal Values" and that "It is crucial to 
positively emphasise all common cultural heritage, even if marginalised or forgotten." A 
Common Action Plan draws up a large number of recommendations on how to achieve 
this new Euro-Mediterranean entity. Among these recommendations are: 
•
Adapt existing organisations and the contents of media to the objectives of the North- 
South dialogue, and set up a Euro-Mediterranean journalism centre 
•
Set up a network jointly managed by the Mediterranean partners in order to develop "a 
harmonised education system" [A "harmonised education system" between the Arab 
world and Europe? What does that include? Do I want to know? Will they tell us before 
it is a fait accompli?] 
•
Facilitate the transfer of know-how between the EU countries and the Mediterranean 
partner nations and "encourage the circulation of individuals" 
•
Prepare action and arguments in support of facilitating the mobility of individuals, 
especially of students, intellectuals, artists, businessmen "and all conveyors of 
dialogue" 
•
Set up Ministries responsible for Mediterranean affairs in countries of the North and of 
the South [Europe and the Arab world, in Eurocrat newspeak], in order to benefit from 
a better management of Mediterranean policy; 
•
Train teachers and exchange students between the North and the South and set up a 
network of Euro-Mediterranean Youth clubs 
•
Establish a "civil watchdog" anti-defamation observatory (with an Internet tool and a 
legal help network), to cope with racist remarks and the propagation of hate towards 
people of different religion, nationality or ethnical background
These agreements, completely rewriting European history books to make them more 
Islam-friendly, and gradually silencing "Islamophobia" as racism, are being implemented 
even now. 
Walter Schwimmer, the Austrian diplomat and Secretary General of the Council of Europe 
from 1999 to 2004, told foreign ministers at the Islamic conference in Istanbul (June15th 
2004) that the Islamic component is an integral part of Europe's diversity. He reaffirmed 
the commitment of the Council of Europe to work against Islamophobia, anti-Semitism 
and other forms of intolerance. 
The Council was also actively involved in the co-organisation of a Conference on the 
Image of Arab-Islamic culture in European history textbooks, which took place in Cairo in 
December 2004. The event was held within the framework of the Euro-Arab Dialogue 
''Learning to Live together.'' [12] The aim of the conference was to examine negative 
stereotyping in the image of Arab-Islamic culture presented in existing history textbooks, 
and to discuss ways to overcome this stereotyping. 
In the European Parliament, the German Christian Democrat Hans-Gert Pöttering [13] 
stated that school textbooks should be reviewed for intolerant depictions of Islam by 
experts overseen by the European Union and Islamic leaders. He said textbooks should 
be checked to ensure they promoted European values without propagating religious 
stereotypes or prejudice. He also suggested that the EU could co-operate with the 56-
nation Organisation of the Islamic Conference to create a textbook review committee. 
In June 2005 in Rabat [14], Morocco, a conference was held on "Fostering Dialogue 
among Cultures and Civilisations." The Conference was jointly organised by UNESCO, the 
Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (ISESCO), the Organisation of 
the Islamic Conference (OIC), the Arab League Educational, Cultural and Scientific 
Organisation (ALECSO), the Danish Centre for Culture and Development (DCCD) and the 
Anna Lindh Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures 
(Alexandria, Egypt). 
Notice that this was months before the Danish Muhammad cartoons created havoc. It 
was not a reaction to this issue; rather it was a part of a sustained, ongoing process to 
promote the Arabic-Islamic culture in Europe. 
Among the recommendations that were raised by Mr. Olaf Gerlach Hansen, Director 
General of the DCCD: "We are interested in new actions in the media, in culture and in 
education. These proposals include: 
- Concrete initiatives to develop "intercultural competencies" in the training of new 
generations of journalists - Concrete initiatives for links and exchanges between journalists, 
editors, media-institutions, which encourage intercultural co-operation" - Concrete 
initiatives for curriculum development through new educational materials and revision of 
existing textbooks. 
Although not stated directly, one may reasonably assume that among the "negative 
stereotypes" to be removed from the textbooks used to teach history to European 
schoolchildren are any and all references to the 1300 years of continuous Jihad warfare 
against Europe. These recommendations were accepted and incorporated into The Rabat 
Commitment [15]. 
According to Serge Trifkovic [16], "The present technological, cultural and financial 
strength of Europe is a façade that conceals a deep underlying moral and demographic 
weakness. The symptoms of the malaise are apparent in the unprecedented demographic 
collapse and in the loss of a sense of place and history that go hand-in-hand with the 
expansion of the European Union. The emerging transnational hyper-state is actively 
indoctrinating its subject-population into believing and accepting that the demographic 
shift in favor of Muslim aliens is actually a blessing." 
He points out specifically the EU Parliamentary Assembly Recommendation N° 1162 (19 
September 1991) on "the contribution of the Islamic civilisation to European culture." A 
decade later, in its General policy recommendation n° 5: "Combating intolerance and 
discrimination against Muslims," the European Commission against Racism and 
Intolerance emphasised "Islam's positive contribution to the continuing development of 
European societies, of which it is an integral part." It expressed strong regret "that Islam 
is sometimes portrayed inaccurately [as] a threat." 
The ECRI called on the EU member states to adopt measures that would effectively 
outlaw any serious debate about Islam and introduce pro-Muslim "affirmative action." 
European countries should: 
•
Modify curricula to prevent "distorted interpretations of religious and cultural 
history" and "portrayal of Islam on perceptions of hostility and menace"; 
•
Encourage debate in the media on the image which they convey of Islam and on 
their responsibility to avoid perpetuating prejudice and bias.
Trifkovic says "Cynically defeatist, self-absorbed and unaccountable to anyone but their 
own corrupt class, the Eurocrats are just as bad as jihad's fellow-travelers; they are its 
active abettors and facilitators." 
Eurabians want to create a unity of the Mediterranean region. This desire is strikingly 
similar to the goals of some Islamic organisations. 
The Muslim Brotherhood, regarded as the most important Islamic movement of the past 
century, was founded by Hassan al-Banna in 1928, inspired by contemporary European 
Fascists in addition to Islamic texts. 
German historian Egon Flaig [17] quotes Banna as saying: 
"We want the flag of Islam to fly over those lands again who were lucky enough to be ruled 
by Islam for a time, and hear the call of the muezzin praise God. Then the light of Islam 
died out and they returned to disbelief. Andalusia, Sicily, the Balkans, Southern Italy and 
the Greek islands are all Islamic colonies which have to return to Islam's embrace. The 
Mediterranean and the Red Sea have to become internal seas of Islam, as they used to be." 
Patrick Poole describes [18] how discussion of a document called "The Project" so far has 
been limited to the top-secret world of Western intelligence communities. Only through 
the work of an intrepid Swiss journalist, Sylvain Besson, has information regarding The 
Project finally been made public. It was found in a raid of a luxurious villa in Campione, 
Switzerland on November 7, 2001. The target of the raid was Youssef Nada, who has had 
active association with the Muslim Brotherhood for more than 50 years. 
Included in the documents seized was a 14-page plan written in Arabic and dated 
December 1, 1982, which outlined a 12-point strategy to "establish an Islamic 
government on earth" - identified as The Project. According to testimony given to Swiss 
authorities by Nada, the unsigned document was prepared by "Islamic researchers" 
associated with the Muslim Brotherhood. It represents a flexible, multi-phased, long-term 
approach to the "cultural invasion" of the West. 
The Project has served for more than two decades as the Muslim Brotherhood "master 
plan." Some of it recommendations include: 
•
Using deception to mask the intended goals of Islamist actions 
•
Building extensive social networks of schools, hospitals and charitable organisations 
•
Involving ideologically committed Muslims in institutions on all levels in the West, 
including government, NGOs, private organisations 
•
Instrumentally using existing Western institutions until they can be put into service of 
Islam 
•
Instituting alliances with Western "progressive" organisations that share similar goals
Included among this group of Muslim Brotherhood intellectuals is Youssef al-Qaradhawi, 
an Egyptian-born, Qatar-based Islamist cleric. Both Sylvain Besson and Scott Burgess 
provide extensive comparisons between Qaradhawi's publication, Priorities of the Islamic 
Movement in the Coming Phase, published in 1990, and The Project. They note the 
striking similarities in the language used and the plans and methods both documents 
advocate. 
As Patrick Poole says, "What is startling is how effectively the Islamist plan for conquest 
outlined in The Project has been implemented by Muslims in the West for more than two 
decades." 
Youssef al-Qaradhawi, one of the most influential clerics in Sunni Islam, has predicted 
that "Islam will return to Europe as a conqueror [19] and victor," was an important figure 
during the Muhammad cartoons riots, whipping up anger [20] against Denmark and the 
West. 
According to Dr. Rachel Ehrenfeld [21]and Alyssa A. Lappen, "Clearly, the riots in 
Denmark and throughout the world were not spontaneous, but planned and organised 
well in advance by Islamist organisations that support the MB, and with funding mostly 
from Saudi Arabia." 
The current leader of the international Muslim Brotherhood, Mohammad Mahdi Akef, 
recently issued a new strategy calling on all its member organisations to serve its global 
agenda of defeating the West. Akef has called the U.S. "a Satan." "I expect America to 
collapse soon," declaring, "I have complete faith that Islam will invade Europe and 
America." 
Ehrenfeld and Lappen state that the Muslim Brotherhood and its offspring organisations 
employ the Flexibility strategy: 
"This strategy calls for a minority group of Muslims to use all "legal" means to infiltrate 
majority-dominated, non-Muslim secular and religious institutions, starting with its 
universities. As a result, "Islamised" Muslim and non-Muslim university graduates enter the 
nation's workforce, including its government and civil service sectors, where they are 
poised to subvert law enforcement agencies, intelligence communities, military branches, 
foreign services, and financial institutions." 
In the Middle East Quarterly, Lorenzo Vidino [22] writes about "The Muslim Brotherhood's 
Conquest of Europe." 
According to him, "Since the early 1960s, Muslim Brotherhood members and 
sympathisers have moved to Europe and slowly but steadily established a wide and well-
organised network of mosques, charities, and Islamic organisations." 
One of the Muslim Brotherhood's first pioneers in Germany was Sa'id Ramadan, the 
personal secretary of Brotherhood founder Hassan al-Banna. The oil-rich kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia has granted an influx of money to the powerful Islamic Center of Geneva, 
Switzerland, run by Sa'id's son Hani Ramadan, brother of Tariq Ramadan. Hani Ramadan 
was made infamous by - among other things - a 2002 article in the French daily Le 
Monde defending the stoning of adulterers to death. Tariq Ramadan, a career "moderate 
Muslim," later called for a "moratorium" on stoning. 
According to Vidino, "The ultimate irony is that Muslim Brotherhood founder Hassan al-
Banna dreamed of spreading Islamism throughout Egypt and the Muslim world. He would 
have never dreamed that his vision might also become a reality in Europe." 
Former Muslim Dr Patrick Sookhdeo [23] warns that the Islamicisation going on in 
European cities is not happening by chance. It "is the result of a careful and deliberate 
strategy by certain Muslim leaders which was planned in 1980 when the Islamic Council 
of Europe published a book called Muslim Communities in Non-Muslim States." 
The instructions given in the book told Muslims to get together and organise themselves 
into viable Muslim communities. They should set up mosques, community centres and 
Islamic schools. At all costs they must avoid being assimilated by the majority, and to 
resist assimilation must group themselves geographically, forming areas of high Muslim 
concentration. 
Douglas Farah [24] writes about the largely successful efforts by Islamic groups in the 
West to buy large amounts of real estate, territory that effectively becomes "Muslim" 
land once it is in the hands of Islamist groups. Some groups are signing agreements to 
guarantee that they will only sell the land to other Muslims. 
The Brotherhood, particularly, is active in investments in properties and businesses 
across Europe, laying the groundwork for the future network that will be able to react 
rapidly and with great flexibility in case of another attempted crackdown on the group's 
financial structure. Most of the money comes from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. 
According to Farah, the governments of Europe and the United States continue to allow 
these groups to flourish and seek for the "moderate" elements that can be embraced as a 
counter-balance to the "radical" elements. 
"We do not have a plan. They do. History shows that those that plan, anticipate and have 
a coherent strategy usually win. We are not winning." 
In March 2006 [25], the two-day plenary session of the Euro-Mediterranean 
Parliamentary Assembly, held in Brussels approved a resolution which "condemned the 
offence" caused by the Danish cartoons of the prophet Muhammad as well "as the 
violence which their publication provoked." These MEPs and national MPs from the EU 
and Arab countries also urged governments to "ensure respect for religious beliefs and to 
encourage the values of tolerance, freedom and multiculturalism." 
During the parliamentary assembly, Egyptian parliament speaker Ahmed Sorour insisted 
that the cartoons published in Denmark and other recent events showed the existence of 
a "cultural deficit." Jordanian MP Hashem al-Qaisi also condemned the cartoons, claiming 
that it is not sufficient to deplore the cartoons as these things might occur again in 
another country. 
And European Parliament president Josep Borrell referred to the Mediterranean as "a 
concentrate of all the problems facing humanity." He said that after one year presiding 
over the assembly he "still did not fully understand the complexities of the 
Mediterranean." 
Following the cartoons affair, EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana [26] had travelled to 
the Middle East and made joint statements with Islamic leaders that "freedom of the 
press entails responsibility and discretion and should respect the beliefs and tenets of all 
religions." Solana said that he had discussed means to ensure that "religious symbols can 
be protected." He held talks with Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi of Al Azhar 
University, the highest seat of learning in Sunni Islam, and Arab League Secretary-
General Amr Moussa. 
Solana also met with the leader of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC), 
Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu. Following their discussion, Solana "expressed our sincere regret 
that religious feelings have been hurt", and vowed "to reach out... to make sure that 
people's hearts and minds are not hurt again." 
Only a few years earlier, Mr. Solana, then Secretary General of NATO, in a speech [27] 
stated that "the root cause of conflicts in Europe and beyond can be traced directly to the 
absence of democracy and openness. The absence of the pressure valve of democratic 
discourse can lead these societies to explode into violence." The irony that he himself is 
now trying to curtail the democratic discourse in Europe through the promotion of Islamic 
censorship apparently did not occur to him. 
Meanwhile, the tentacles of the vast, inflated EU bureaucracy insinuate themselves into 
regulations on every conceivable subject. Some of the examples of the bureaucracy are 
ridiculous; some are funny. But there is a sinister side to the European bureaucracy: 
•
The promotion of an official, "EU federal ideology" advocating multiculturalism; 
•
The denunciation as "xenophobes" of all those who want to preserve their democracy at 
the nation state level; and 
•
Calling those who would limit Third World immigration "racists."
A report from the EU's racism watchdog said that more must be done to combat racism 
and "Islamophobia." One method of accomplishing this is the promotion of a lexicon 28[] 
which shuns purportedly offensive and culturally insensitive terms. This lexicon would set 
down guidelines for EU officials and politicians prohibiting what they may say. "Certainly 
'Islamic terrorism' is something we will not use ... we talk about 'terrorists who abusively 
invoke Islam'," an EU official said. 
Early in 2006, the EU's human rights commissioner Alvaro Gil-Robles's criticised a plan to 
revamp Christianity as a school subject [29] in elementary schools in Denmark. Gil-
Robles said doing so went against European values. "Religion as a school subject should 
be a general course that attempts to give students insight into the three 
monotheistic religions [my emphasis]," he said. The "three monotheistic religions" 
means Christianity, Judaism and Islam. 
As I see it, there are several possible ways of dealing with the issue of education about 
religion. 
1. Teach the traditional religions within a particular country, which in Europe means 
Christianity and Judaism. 
2. Teach all the major world religions. 
3. Leave religion out of the curriculum. 
What the European Union does, however, is to treat Islam as a traditional, European 
religion on par with Christianity and Judaism. This is a crucial component of 
Eurabian thinking and practice. Notice how EU authorities in this case directly 
interfered to force a once-independent nation state to include more teachings of Islam in 
its school curriculum in order to instill their children with a proper dose of Eurabian 
indoctrination. Notice also that they didn't ask for more teaching of Buddhism or 
Hinduism. Only Islam is being pushed. 
In another case, the European Commission rebuffed a call by the Polish president for an 
EU-wide debate on reinstating the death penalty [30]. "The death penalty is not 
compatible with European values," a Commission spokesman said. Again, the issue here 
is not your opinion regarding the death penalty. The real issue is that the metasticising 
EU has already defined for you what constitutes "European values." Thus, major issues 
are simply beyond public debate. This innocent-sounding phrase "European values" 
cloaks a federal, Eurabian ideology enforced across the entire European Union without 
regard to the popular will. 
Perhaps the most shameful and embarrassing aspect of the history of Eurabia is how the 
supposedly critical and independent European media has allowed itself to be corrupted or 
deceived by the Eurabians. Most of the documents about the Euro-Arab Dialogue place 
particular emphasis on working with the media, and the Eurabians have played the 
European media like a Stradivarius. Aided by a pre-existing anti-Americanism and anti-
Semitism, European media have been willing to demonise the United States and Israel 
while remaining largely silent on the topic Eurabia. 
In May 2006, a big conference [31] was held in Vienna involving media figures 
(journalists) from all over Europe, who met with partners from the Arab world as a part 
of the Euro-Arab Dialogue. 
European officials responded publicly with "regret" to Israel's ambassador to Austria Dan 
Ashbel's decision to boycott the conference on racism in the media because of concern in 
Jerusalem that anti-Semitism was getting short shrift at the meeting. Speaking for the 
conference - entitled "Racism, Xenophobia and the Media: Towards Respect and 
Understanding of all Religions and Cultures" - an official claimed that anti-Semitism was 
not taken off the agenda. This official countered that the meeting was "primarily a 
dialogue between the media representatives of all the Euro-Med partners on the 
problems that beset their profession. These include xenophobia, racism, anti-Semitism 
and Islamophobia [my emphasis]." 
Writer Bruce Bawer [32] thinks that many Europeans recognise that multiculturalism is 
leading their societies to disaster. But they've heard all their lives from officially approved 
authorities that any concern about multiculturalism and its consequences is tantamount 
to racism: 
"There's a widespread resignation [33] to the fact that multiculturalists control the media, 
academy, state agencies, and so on. They know very well that if you want to get ahead in 
European society, you don't take on multicultural orthodoxy. The political establishment 
seems solidly planted, unmovable, unchangeable. There may be a widespread rage, in 
short, but it's largely an impotent rage. Europeans today have been bred to be passive, to 
leave things to their leaders, whose wisdom they've been taught all their lives to take for 
granted. To shake off a lifetime of this kind of indoctrination is not easy." 
According to Bat Ye'or, fear of awakening opposition to EU policy toward the Arab 
Mediterranean countries led to the repression of all discussion of the economic problems 
and difficulties of integration caused by massive immigration. Any criticism of Muslim 
immigration is basically brushed off as being "just like the Jews were talked about in Nazi 
Germany," a ridiculous but effective statement. 
Bat Ye'or agrees with Bawer's analysis "concerning the totalitarian web cohesion of 
'teachers, professors, the media, politicians, government agency workers, talking heads 
on TV, the representatives of state-funded "independent" organisations like SOS Racism' 
to indoctrinate the politically correct. This perfectly expresses the political directives 
given by the European Commission to coordinate and control in all EU member-states the 
political, intellectual, religious, media, teaching and publishing apparatus since the 1970s 
so as to harmonise with its Mediterranean strategy based on multiculturalism." 
Professional harassment, boycott and defamation punish those who dare to openly 
challenge the Politically Correct discourse. According to Bat Ye'or, this has led to the 
development of a type of "resistance press" as if Europe were under the "occupation" of 
its own elected governments. This free press on the Internet and in blogs has brought 
some changes, including the rejection of the European Constitution in 2005. Despite 
overwhelming support for the Constitution by the governments in France and the 
Netherlands and a massive media campaign by political leaders in both countries, voters 
rejected it. Blogs played a significant part [34] in achieving this. 
Only a few months later, EU authorities lined up together with authoritarian regimes [35] 
such as Iran, Saudi Arabia, Cuba and the Chinese Communist Party in favor of "more 
international control with" (read: censorship of) the Internet. 
According to Richard North of the EU Referendum blog [36], "The most dangerous form 
of propaganda is that which does not appear to be propaganda. And it is that form at 
which the BBC [the British Broadcasting Corporation] excels. Perhaps the biggest sin of 
all is that of omission. By simply not informing us of key issues, they go by default, 
unchallenged until it is too late to do anything about them." 
Vladimir Bukovsky is a former Soviet dissident, author and human rights activist who 
spent a total of twelve years in Soviet prisons. Now living in England, he warns against 
some of the same anti-democratic impulses in the West, especially in the EU, which he 
views as an heir to the Soviet Union. In 2002, he joined in on protests against the BBC's 
compulsory TV licence [37]. "The British people are being forced to pay money to a 
corporation which suppresses free speech - publicising views they don't necessarily agree 
with." He has blasted the BBC for their "bias and propaganda," especially in stories 
related to the EU or the Middle East. 
Conservative MP, Michael Gove and political commentator Mark Dooley also complain 
about lopsided coverage [38]: "Take, for example, the BBC's coverage of the late Yasser 
Arafat. In one profile broadcast in 2002, he was lauded as an "icon" and a "hero," but no 
mention was made of his terror squads, corruption, or his brutal suppression of dissident 
Palestinians. Similarly, when Israel assassinated the spiritual leader of Hamas, Sheikh 
Ahmed Yassin, in 2004, one BBC reporter described him as "polite, charming and witty, a 
deeply religious man." This despite the fact that under Yassin's guidance, Hamas 
murdered hundreds." 
Polish writer Nina Witoszek [39], now living in Norway, warns that people who have lived 
under Communist regimes are struck by a strange feeling of dejá vu in Western Europe: 
"Before formulating a sentence, you put on a censorship autopilot which asks: Who am I 
insulting now? Am I too pro-Israeli, or maybe anti-Feminist, or - God forbid - anti-Islamic? 
Am I "progressive" enough? Soon we shall all write in a decaffeinated language: We shall 
obediently repeat all the benign mantras such as "dialogue," "pluralism," "reconciliation" 
and "equality." Norway has never been a totalitarian country, but many people now feel the 
taste of oppression and of being muzzled. I know many wise Norwegians - and even more 
wise foreigners - who no longer have the energy to waste time on contributing to a 
castrated, paranoid democracy. We prefer safety above freedom. This is the first step 
towards a voluntary bondage." 
She quotes follow writer from Poland Czeslaw Milosz, who won the Nobel Prize in 
Literature in 1980 for books such as The Captive Mind, where he explained the 
seductiveness of totalitarian ideology. 
One essay by Milosz is titled "Ketman." [40] "Ketman" or "kitman" is an Islamic term 
brought to Milosz's attention by Arthur Gobineau's book Religions and Philosophies of 
Central Asia. He had noticed that the dissidents in Persia, long accustomed to tyranny, 
had evolved a style of their own. The need for survival often involved more than just 
keeping your mouth shut, but of actively lying in every way necessary. This strategy of 
dissimulation and deceit, which is especially pronounced by Shia Muslims but also used 
by Sunnis, is primarily used to deceive non-Muslims, but can also be used against other 
Muslims under duress. 
According to Milosz, a very similar strategy was used in Communist countries. Similar to 
Islam, those practicing dissimulation felt a sense of superiority towards those who were 
stupid enough to state their real opinions openly. In Communist societies, dissimulation 
was just as much a technique of adaptation to an authoritarian regime as a conscious, 
theatrical form of art that became increasingly refined. 
It is frightening to hear people who have grown up in former Communist countries say 
that they see this same totalitarian impulse at work in Western Europe now. According to 
them, we in the West are at least as brainwashed by multiculturalism and Political 
Correctness [41] as they ever were with communism. It is frightening because I believe 
they are right. Have we witnessed the fall of the Iron Curtain in Eastern Europe only to 
see an Iron Veil descend on Western Europe? An Iron Veil of EU bureaucracy and 
Eurabian treachery, of Political Correctness, Multicultural media censorship and the ever-
present threat of Muslim violence and terrorism that is gradually extinguishing free 
speech. The momentum of bureaucratic treachery is accelerating. 
Native Europeans and indeed some non-Muslim immigrants are quietly leaving in growing 
numbers, gradually turning the continent into a net exporter of refugees rather than an 
importer of them. When large parts of Europe are being overrun by barbarians - actively 
aided and abetted by our own trusted leaders - and when people are banned from 
opposing this onslaught, is Western Europe still a meaningful part of the Free World? 
Have the countries of Eastern Europe gone from one "Evil Empire" to another? Are they - 
and we - back in the EUSSR? 
Vaclav Klaus, the conservative President of the Czech Republic, has complained that: 
"Every time I try to remove some piece of Soviet-era regulation, I am told that whatever 
it is I am trying to scrap is a requirement of the European Commission." In an interview 
with Paul Belien of the Brussels Journal [42] in February 2006, Vladimir Bukovksy warned 
that the European Union is on its way to becoming another Soviet Union. Mr Bukovsky 
called the EU a "monster" that must be destroyed, the sooner the better, before it 
develops into a fully-fledged totalitarian state. 
"The ultimate purpose of the Soviet Union was to create a new historic entity, the Soviet 
people, all around the globe. The same is true in the EU today. They are trying to create 
a new people. They call this people "Europeans", whatever that means. According to 
Communist doctrine as well as to many forms of Socialist thinking, the state, the national 
state, is supposed to wither away. In Russia, however, the opposite happened. Instead of 
withering away the Soviet state became a very powerful state, but the nationalities were 
obliterated. But when the time of the Soviet collapse came these suppressed feelings of 
national identity came bouncing back and they nearly destroyed the country. It was so 
frightening." 
Timothy Garton Ash is considered a leading expert on Europe's future. Bruce Bawer views 
Garton Ash as typical of Europe's political élite. Ash mistrusts national patriotism but 
adores the EU. He writes about the need for a factitious European patriotism ("flags, 
symbols, a European anthem we can sing") to encourage "emotional identification with 
European institutions." And just why does Europe need the EU? Garton Ash's answer: "To 
prevent our falling back into the bad old ways of war and European barbarism." Among 
his suggestions is that Europe encourage "the formation of an Arab Union." He makes no 
mention of Arab democracy. Imagining "Europe in 2025 at its possible best," he pictures 
it as a "partnership" with Arab countries and Russia that would extend "from Marrakesh, 
via Cairo, Jerusalem, Baghdad, and Tbilisi, all the way to Vladivostok." 
The European Commission proposed the controversial idea of a singing event in all 
member states to celebrate the European Union's 50th "birthday," the 50th anniversary 
of the 1957 Treaty of Rome. Commissioner Margot Wallstrom was lobbying for big-style 
birthday celebrations to "highlight the benefits that European integration has brought to 
its citizens." Diplomats said the idea had sparked feelings of disgust among new, 
formerly Communist member states such as Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, 
which were reminded of "Stalinist times" when people were forced by the state to sing. 
Brussels decided on a more modest celebration, also intended to spend around €300,000 
on the appointment of 50 citizen "ambassadors," dubbed the "Faces of Europe," who are 
supposed to "tell their story" throughout the year on what the EU means to them in their 
daily life, as well as a series of activities for school children and youngsters. Germany will 
go ahead with its own idea to let thousands of its bakeries bake 54 sorts of cakes with 
recipes from all 27 member states. 
Commissioner Wallstrom [43] in 2005 argued that politicians who resisted pooling 
national sovereignty risked a return to Nazi horrors of the 1930s and 1940s. Her fellow 
commissioners also issued a joint declaration, stating that EU citizens should pay tribute 
to the dead of the Second World War by voting Yes to the EU Constitution. The 
commissioners gave the EU sole credit for ending the Cold War, making no mention of the 
role of NATO or the United States. 
Is the EU an instrument to end wars? In October 2006, Michel Thoomis, the secretary 
general of the French Action Police trade union, warned of a civil war [44] in France 
created by Muslim immigrants: 
"We are in a state of civil war, orchestrated by radical Islamists. This is not a question of 
urban violence any more, it is an intifada, with stones and Molotov cocktails. You no longer 
see two or three youths confronting police, you see whole tower blocks emptying into the 
streets to set their 'comrades' free when they are arrested." 
These Muslim immigrants were allowed in by the very same European elites who now 
want European citizens to celebrate their work through cakes and songs. While civil 
society is disintegrating in Western Europe due to Islamic pressures, EU authorities are 
working to increase Muslim immigration, while congratulating themselves for bringing 
peace to the continent. What peace? Where? 
The Peace of Westphalia [45] in 1648 ended the Thirty Years' War, the last major 
religious war in Europe, and helped lay the foundations for modern nation states. Before 
nation states, we thus had a pattern of borderless religious wars and civil wars. This is 
what we have returned to, full circle, only this time a borderless Jihad is triggering civil 
wars in Europe. While the EU may help prevent wars between nation states with old 
grudges, such as Germany and France, it may also actively cause other kinds of wars. It 
accomplishes this by increasing Multicultural tensions and a dangerous sense of 
estrangement between citizens and those who are supposed to be their leaders. 
Wars have existed for thousands of years before the advent of the modern nation state. 
It is far more likely that weakening nation states will end our democratic system, a 
system which is closely tied to the existence of sovereign nation states, than that it will 
end wars. 
When asked whether the member countries of the EU joined the union voluntarily, and 
whether the resulting integration reflects the democratic will of Europeans, Vladimir 
Bukovksy replied, "No, they did not. Look at Denmark which voted against the Maastricht 
treaty twice. Look at Ireland [which voted against the Nice treaty]. Look at many other 
countries, they are under enormous pressure. It is almost blackmail. It is a trick for 
idiots. The people have to vote in referendums until the people vote the way that is 
wanted. Then they have to stop voting. Why stop? Let us continue voting. The European 
Union is what Americans would call a shotgun marriage." 
In 1992, Bukovksy had unprecedented access to Politburo and other Soviet secret 
documents, as described in his book, Judgement in Moscow. In January 1989, during a 
meeting between Soviet leader Gorbachev, former Japanese Prime Minister Nakasone, 
former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, American banker Rockefeller and 
former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Giscard d'Estaing supposedly stated: 
"Europe is going to be a federal state and you have to prepare yourself for that. You have 
to work out with us, and the European leaders, how you would react to that." 
This was in the 1980s, when most of the media still dismissed as scaremongering any 
talk of a political union that would subdue the nation states. Fifteen years later, Valéry 
Giscard d'Estaing became the chief drafter of the truly awful EU Constitution, an 
impenetrable brick of a book, hundreds of pages long, and lacking any of the checks and 
balances so crucial to the American Constitution. Giscard has argued that the rejection of 
the Constitution in the French and Dutch referenda in 2005 "was a mistake which will 
have to be corrected" and insisted that "In the end, the text will be adopted." 
Giscard has also said that "it was a mistake to use the referendum process" because "it is 
not possible for anyone to understand [46] the full text." Does it instill confidence among 
the citizens of Europe that we are supposed to be under the authority of a "Constitution" 
that is too complex for most non-bureaucrats to understand? According to Spain's justice 
minister [47] Juan Fernando Lopez Aguilar "you don't need to read the European 
constitution to know that it is good." 
Jean-Luc Dehaene, former Belgian Prime Minister, said that "We know that nine out of ten 
people will not have read the Constitution and will vote on the basis of what politicians 
and journalists say. More than that, if the answer is No, the vote will probably have to be 
done again, because it absolutely has to be Yes." 
Journalist Nidra Poller [48], however, is more skeptical. Commenting on the debate prior 
to the EU Constitution referendum in France, she noted a submissive attitude among EU 
leaders towards Muslim demands: "The Euro-Mediterranean 'Dialogue' is a masterpiece of 
abject surrender." The European Union functions as an intermediate stage of an ominous 
project that calls for a meltdown of traditional European culture, to be replaced by a new, 
Eurabian cocktail. And she asks: "When subversive appeasement hides behind the veil of 
'Dialogue,' what unspeakable ambitions might be dissembled by the noble word 
'Constitution'?" 
The European Union gave the Palestinians $342.8 million in aid in 2005 [49] - or, more 
accurately, $612.15 million when assistance from the 25 EU governments is included. 
Even the United States has repeatedly donated millions of American tax dollars to the 
Palestinian Authority, though not at EU levels. In July 2005, as a response to the Islamic 
terrorist attacks on London a few days earlier, leaders of the G8, the group of influential 
industrialised nations, offered the PA some $9 billion [50], dubbed an "alternative to the 
hatred." 
The West's largesse continued despite a demographic study in 2005 which revealed that 
the number showing the Palestinian population in the West Bank and Gaza had been 
inflated [51] by 50% by the government. 
Almost all of the new infrastructure [52] in the Palestinian territories from the beginning 
of the Oslo Peace Process in the 1990s - schools, hospitals, airports - were arranged and 
paid for by Brussels. As Jihad was once again unleashed with the second Intifada in 
2000, Israel stopped its transfer of payments to the Palestinians. So the EU stepped in 
with another 10 million Euros a month in direct budgetary assistance to the Palestinian 
Authority. EU Commissioner for External Affairs Chris Patten [53] stated in 2002 that 
"there is no case for stating that EU money has financed terrorism, has financed the 
purchase of weapons, or any similar activities." 
However, a report by the Foundation for the Defence of Democracies [54] later found 
that: "There is indisputable evidence that PA money has been used to fund terrorist 
activities." This was confirmed by Fuad Shubaki, who used to serve as the finance chief in 
the Palestinian security forces. According to him, former Palestinian Authority chairman 
Yasser Arafat [55] ordered millions of dollars, taken from international aid funds, tax 
money transferred by Israel and from Arab countries, to be used to purchase weapons 
and ammunition, including the 50 tons of armaments on board the ship Karine A. The 
transaction was coordinated between the PA, Hizballah in Lebanon and the Iranian 
Revolutionary Guards. 
In May 2006, Mahmoud Abbas - President of the Palestinian Authority after Arafat's death 
in November 2004 and a leading politician in Fatah - talked to the European Parliament 
about the peace process. At the same time, the al-Aksa Martyrs Brigades, the armed 
wing of Fatah, threatened to strike [56] at US and European economic and civilian 
interests in response to international sanctions on the PA. Financial support evokes no 
gratitude in the Palestinians. However, they will threaten you with violence if aid is not 
forthcoming. This is plainly extortion. 
This shakedown corresponds to the Muslims' view of the Jizya, the tributary tax paid by 
non-Muslims in exchange for not being killed. Documents from the Euro-Arab Dialogue 
frequently mention about "financial assistance" from the EU to Arab countries. Bat Ye'or 
points out that some of this Jizya tax is extracted from Europeans without their 
awareness. 
In November 2005, the EU's official financial watchdog [57] refused to approve the EU's 
accounts for the 11th year in a row because they were so full of fraud and errors. The 
European Court of Auditors refused to give a statement of assurance on the EU's $160.3 
billion budget for 2004. "The vast majority of the payment budget was again materially 
affected by errors of legality and regularity," it said. It specifically refused to approve the 
budgets for the EU's foreign policy and aid programs, many of which are geared towards 
Arab countries. Half the project budgets approved by the European Commission were 
inadequately monitored. 
The European Commission is considered the EU's "government," and thus the 
government of nearly half a billion people. But it can release accounts with massive flaws 
for over a decade straight because it is largely unaccountable to anybody and was 
intended to be that way. 
Muslims use deception to advance Jihad until it is almost too late for the infidels to stop 
them. The EU federalists and Eurabians have taken a page out of the Islamic playbook, 
and have been approaching their goals by stealth for decades, buried beneath a mass of 
detail and technocratic newspeak all but incomprehensible to non-bureaucrats. 
In a frank moment, Jean-Claude Juncker [58], Luxembourg's prime minister, once 
described the EU's "system" in this way: 
"We decide on something, leave it lying around and wait and see what happens," he 
explained. "If no one kicks up a fuss, because most people don't understand what has been 
decided, we continue step by step until there is no turning back." 
In The Economist, columnist Charlemagne writes: 
"What Mr Juncker and those who think like him are trying to do is, in essence, to drown 
opposition to European federation in a mass of technical detail, to bore people 
into submission. As a strategy, it has gone a long way. [My emphasis] The greatest 
single transfer of sovereignty from Europe's nations to the European Union took place, in 
1985, as part of the project to create a single European market. Even [British Conservative 
PM] Margaret Thatcher, not usually slow to spot a trick, later claimed that she had not fully 
appreciated the ramifications of what she was then signing up to." 
Writer Christopher Booker has called this the EU's "culture of deceit" [59]: 
"What in fact has been taking place has been a transfer of power (...) to Brussels on a scale 
amounting to the greatest constitutional revolution in our history. But much of this has 
remained buried from view because our politicians like to preserve the illusion that they are 
still in charge. The result is that remarkably few people now have any proper understanding 
of how the political system which rules our lives actually works." 
I have used the term "neo-Feudalism" to describe the EU. There are definitely certain 
elite groups in Europe who think that everything that's wrong with Europe is because of 
"populism" - what others call democracy. The motive force behind the EU aims to cede 
national sovereignty to a new ruling class of bureaucrats, a new aristocracy. This is a 
throwback to the pre-democratic age. Karl Zinsmeister notes [60] that: 
"The EU apparatus is exceedingly closed and secretive. Relatively few of the confederation's 
important decisions are currently made by democratically accountable officials. On front 
after front, bureaucratic mandarins are deciding how everyday Europeans will live. ... Many 
Europeans, in a way Americans find impossible to understand, are willing to let their elites 
lead them by the nose. There is a kind of peasant mentality under which their "betters" are 
allowed to make the important national judgments for them." 
MP Gisela Stuart was a member of the Praesidium which drafted the proposed EU 
Constitution. She sums up her experiences thus: 
"The Convention brought together a self-selected group of the European political elite, 
many of whom have their eyes on a career at a European level, which is dependent on 
more and more integration, and who see national parliaments and governments as an 
obstacle ... Not once in the sixteen months I spent on the Convention did representatives 
question whether deeper integration is what the people of Europe want, whether it serves 
their best interests or whether it provides the best basis for a sustainable structure for an 
expanding Union." 
In 2005, an unprecedented joint declaration by the leaders of all the British political 
groups in Brussels called for an end the "medieval" practice of European legislation being 
decided behind closed doors. Critics claim that the Council of Ministers, the EU's supreme 
law-making body, which decides two thirds of all Britain's laws, "is the only legislature 
outside the Communist dictatorships of North Korea and Cuba to pass laws in secret." 
According to British Conservative politician Daniel Hannan, this is how the EU was 
designed. "Its founding fathers understood from the first that their audacious plan to 
merge the ancient nations of Europe into a single polity would never succeed if each 
successive transfer of power had to be referred back to the voters for approval. So they 
cunningly devised a structure where supreme power was in the hands of appointed 
functionaries, immune to public opinion. Indeed, the EU's structure is not so much 
undemocratic as anti-democratic." 
The European Union has been compared to the Roman Empire, but such comparisons are 
not very apt. Rome was the military superpower of its time, while the EU is but a military 
midget. However, there is one intriguing commonality: Julius Caesar was murdered 
because he wanted to crown himself king. This was not a popular move among the 
powerful elite in the Senate, who reminded Caesar that Rome had become a Republic 
precisely because they had rebelled against the "tyrant" kings of old. 
Caesar's successor Octavian, better known today as Caesar Augustus, is considered both 
the first and one of the most important Roman Emperors. He downplayed his own 
position by preferring the title princeps, usually translated as "first citizen". He also 
preserved the outward form of the Roman Republic, paid lip service to the old elite, and 
veiled the changes to make them seem less upsetting to the public. He may have been a 
monarch, but he never called himself one. 
Some might see a parallel in the present-day EU. When up to three-quarters of our 
national laws originate in Brussels, what is then the point of holding national elections? 
Just as in Octavian's Rome, the real power has been moved elsewhere, but the old order 
is draped over reality as a democratic fig leaf in order not to upset the common people. 
The EU operates largely by stealth; its edicts are implemented through traditional 
parliaments, which are increasingly reduced to decorative appendages. 
The funny aspect of this is that those who are against the EU are labelled xenophobes, 
nationalists or simply anti-democratic forces. The EU is an organisation where unelected 
bureaucrats dismantle democracy, yet denounce their critics as anti-democratic forces. 
In order to create this new entity, the old nation states must be deliberately crushed. 
Massive numbers of non-European immigrants are introduced, and the resulting situation 
is termed a "Multicultural society". This demolition is followed by the demand that our 
entire society be changed accordingly. 
Since Europeans feel less "European" than they experience themselves as French, Italian, 
Dutch, etc., national allegiances have to be broken down. At the same time, an external 
rival must be created. The closest model is Bismarck's unification of Germany. The 
numerous German states rallied to Prussia's side against the French in the Franco-
Prussian War in 1870, thus paving the way for a new, powerful German federation. 
The EU federalists strive to build a united European state through a shared animosity 
against the USA, while constructing a Eurabian entity of Europe and the Arab world via 
their common hostility towards Israel. One tactic is the deliberate use of the media to 
whip up anger against these countries and to demonise them. 
However, Bismarck's German states were united by a common language. Even if a "new 
us" could be constructed from dozens of nations - which is highly questionable - melding 
various ethnic groups into a cohesive nation takes centuries. Without a shared identity, 
without a European demos, how can the EU be anything but authoritarian? Perhaps the 
EU elites believe that a large mass of people lacking a distinct cultural identity would be 
easier to control? 
The problem is that the nation state itself has been declared evil or obsolete, not 
collectivism, anti-individualism or totalitarianism. But there is a crucial distinction 
between nationalism and patriotism, which George Orwell saw clearly: 
"Nationalism is not to be confused with patriotism. By 'patriotism' I mean devotion to a 
particular place and a particular way of life, which one believes to be the best in the world 
but has no wish to force on other people. Patriotism is of its nature defensive, both 
militarily and culturally. Nationalism, on the other hand, is inseparable from the desire for 
power." 
Totalitarian regimes can be national, such as Nazi Germany, but they can also be 
supranational, such as the Soviet Union, which sought to suppress all pre-existing 
national loyalties. 
How was a project as big as the creation of Eurabia pulled off? I have thought a lot about 
this question, and come to the conclusion that it succeeded precisely because of its size. 
St. Augustine tells the story of a pirate captured by Alexander the Great. "How dare you 
molest the sea?" asked Alexander. "How dare you molest the whole world?" the pirate 
replied. "Because I do it with a little ship only, I am called a thief; you, doing it with a 
great navy, are called an emperor." 
It's a matter of scale. If a small group of people sideline the democratic process in one 
country and start imposing their own laws on the public, it's called a coup d'état. If they 
do so on an entire continent, it's called the European Union. 
Adolf Hitler's autobiography Mein Kampf described a propaganda technique known as 
"the Big Lie". The EU has adopted this strategy, which consists of telling a lie so 
"colossal" that it would be impossible to believe anyone "could have the impudence to 
distort the truth so infamously." This has been combined with the technique, perfected by 
Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels in Nazi Germany, of repeating a point until it is 
taken to be the truth. 
Here are some Big Lies: 
- Diversity is always good; 
- Multiculturalism is inevitable, as is continued EU integration; 
- Those opposing it are ignorant racists standing against the tide of history; 
- Muslim immigration is "good for the economy" and is necessary for funding the welfare 
state in the future, despite the fact that it drains away enormous resources.
The creation of Eurabia ranks as one of the greatest betrayals in the history of Western 
civilisation. Does that mean that all EU federalists or those who participate in the various 
instruments of the Euro-Arab Dialogue are evil? No, reality isn't that simple. As Hugh 
Fitzgerald points out, "A whole class of people has gotten rich from Arab money and 
bribes; lawyers, public relations men, and diplomats, journalists, university teachers and 
assorted officials." 
However, while ignorance, corruption and the self-serving search for personal power 
explains some of the behaviour of the Eurabian elites, it cannot explain the behaviour of 
ALL those thousands of people who have been involved in these networks. Some of them 
must have convinced themselves that what they were doing was for a just cause, if for 
no other reason than because human vanity demands that we justify our actions by 
covering them with a veneer of goodness. 
In the science fiction movie Serenity [61], the two great superpowers, the United States 
and China, have merged into the Alliance, which has moved humanity to a new star 
system. On the little-known planet Miranda, a gas called Pax was added to the air 
processors. It was intended to calm the population, weed out aggression. It worked. The 
people stopped fighting. They also stopped doing everything else, including breeding and 
physical self-preservation. A small minority of the population had the opposite reaction to 
this pacification. Their aggression increased beyond madness, and they killed most of the 
others. Tens of millions of people quietly let themselves be wiped out. 
Movie director Joss Whedon is careful to point out that the Alliance isn't some evil 
empire, but rather a force that is largely benevolent. They meant it for the best, to create 
a better world, a world without sin. However, according to Whedon, "Whenever you 
create Utopia, you find something ugly working underneath it." 
Former Europeans who fought against Jihad fought for a number of things: Their religion, 
their culture and their nation. EU federalists and Eurabians are deliberately suppressing 
all of these instincts in their quest to create a New Man and weed out aggression. 
However, because they have wrongly identified the nation state as the root cause of all 
evil, they are suppressing not just aggressive nationalism, but defensive patriotism. And 
since some of the Muslims have actually become even more aggressive in response to 
what they perceive as our nihilism, the Eurabians have suicidally disarmed their own 
people, literally and metaphorically, and put them up for slaughter. 
Many Communists, at least in the beginning, really believed in their ideology. The result 
was mass slaughter; tens of millions of people were killed in the quest for a world 
without oppression or exploitation. The road to Hell is paved with good intentions. 
Regardless of how good your intentions may be, you cannot use millions of people as 
guinea pigs in massive social experiments without also causing massive harm. 
Perhaps one of the reasons why this has been allowed to happen in Western Europe and 
the European Union is because we never fully understood or attempted to confront the 
reasons for the abysmal failure of Communism in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union 
following the Cold War. The concept of massive social experiments to create a New Man 
was allowed to survive. It mutated and then migrated West. Jean Monnet, who set in 
motion the process of European integration, reflected on how the European civil service 
constituted a 'laboratory' in which a new kind of 'European Man' would be born. But the 
New European Man, just like the New Soviet Man before him, is all but certain to fail. 
Can the European Union be reformed? I doubt it. The EU is bound together by a self-
serving class of bureaucrats who want to expand their budgets and their power, despite 
the harm they do. These functionaries will use traditional methods of deception to 
counteract any calls for reforms so they can retain control. 
It is instructive to watch the reactions of the EU elites to the popular rejections in France 
and Holland of the EU Constitution in 2005. They put together a "wise" group [62] of 
European politicians, led by Giuliano Amato, Italian Interior Minister in "super-Eurabian" 
Romano Prodi's government, to come up with possible solutions to this impasse. 
Suggestions discussed included dropping the name "constitution" in favor of "treaty." 
The same Amato, who is a former Italian Prime Minister and also the Vice-President of 
the EU Convention which drafted the Constitution, has earlier stated [63] that: 
"In Europe one needs to act 'as if' - as if what was wanted was little, in order to obtain 
much, as if states were to remain sovereign to convince them to concede sovereignty ... 
The Commission in Brussels, for example, should act as if it were a technical instrument, in 
order to be able to be treated as a government. And so on by disguise and subterfuge [my 
emphasis]." 
That a man who has openly bragged about how EU federalist goals are advanced by 
"disguise and subterfuge" leads the attempts to "renew" the EU Constitution tells 
ordinary Europeans everything we need to know about the EU. If the EU elites have 
deliberately deceived us for decades to achieve their goals, why should we suddenly trust 
them now? Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. These people 
have fooled us enough. 
"I think that the European Union, like the Soviet Union, cannot be democratised," says 
Vladimir Bukovksy. "There will be a collapse of the European Union pretty much like the 
Soviet Union collapsed. But do not forget that when these things collapse they leave such 
devastation that it takes a generation to recover.(...) Look to the huge number of 
immigrants from Third World countries now living in Europe. This was promoted by the 
European Union. What will happen with them if there is an economic collapse? We will 
probably have, like in the Soviet Union at the end, so much ethnic strife that the mind 
boggles." 
In their book about the EU, Richard North and Christopher Booker conclude: "The project 
Monnet had set on its way was a vast, ramshackle, self-deluding monster: partly 
suffocating in its own bureaucracy; partly a corrupt racket (...) The one thing above all 
the project could never be, because by definition it had never been intended to be, was 
in the remotest sense democratic." They believe the EU is doomed and will "leave a 
terrible devastation behind it, a wasteland from which it would take many years for the 
peoples of Europe to emerge." 
I understand concerns that the destruction of the EU could cause "instability" in Europe. 
It will. But we will probably end up with "instability" anyway, given the number of 
Muslims the EUrabians have let in. The choice is between a period of painful years in 
which most of Europe prevails, and death, where Europe simply ceases to exist as a 
Western cultural entity. 
Some would hope that we could keep the "positive" aspects of the EU and not "throw out 
the baby with the bath water." I beg to differ. 
The EU is all bath water, no baby. There never was a baby, just a truckload of overpaid 
babysitters. 
Multiculturalism separates people into "tribes" below the nation state level. This is 
precisely the situation we had in Europe in the Middle Ages. Likewise, the idea that we 
should "respect" other cultures by not criticising them means turning the clock back 
several centuries to the pre-Enlightenment era. Multiculturalism is merely a medieval 
ideology, and will generate medieval results. 
Although the EU will fail in creating a pan-European identity, it has already partly 
succeeded in weakening the traditional nation states. Across Western Europe, Muslim 
immigrants tend to settle in major cities [64], with the native population retreating into 
the countryside. This destruction of the coherence of society is triggering a return to 
tribalism, as people no longer trust the nation state to protect them. 
The process has been explained by Ernest Baert [65]: "Over many centuries, Western 
Europe has replaced the tribe or clan by the nation state." The result was that "European 
citizens tend to have equal trust in all other citizens of the same nation state outside 
their immediate family and circle of friends." This "high-trust society" was a necessary 
precondition not only for the success of a capitalist economy in Europe, but also for the 
rise of democracy. 
A different worldview prevails in the Muslim world or in Africa. There, individuals have no 
choice but to fall back on their clan for protection. So what effect will the introduction of 
massive numbers of individuals from "low-trust societies" have on our own culture? Baert 
is pessimistic:
 
"There is little doubt that we live in the dying days of the multicultural fantasy. It will end in 
misery and may lead to the loss of Europe as a part of Western civilisation. Our children 
and grandchildren will look back to our days and wonder why so many so easily accepted 
what patently contradicted history and common sense." 
While ordinary Europeans live in fear of Muslim violence in their own cities and trust in 
their own leaders is plummeting, EU elites meet in cocktail parties and congratulate each 
other for bringing peace to Europe. 
The European Union promised a Brave New World where wars and ethnic rivalries were a 
thing of the past. Will it deliver the Middle Ages? Maybe that's what Utopias tend to do. 
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/eurabia-code_19.html
1. http://www.danielpipes.org/article/90
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/657
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html
4. http://eureferendum.blogspot.com/
5. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/04/fall-of-france-and-multicultural-world.html
6. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/conf/naples/index.htm
7. http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level_English.php?cat=Politics&loid=8.0.311746780&par=0
8. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/conf/dublin/index.htm
9. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/euromed/bd.htm
10. http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meetdocs/2004_2009/documents/autres/note_/note_en.pdf
11. http://www.europeanmovement.org/key_themes.cfm?cat=MP
12. http://www.coe.int/NewsSearch/Default.asp?p=nwz&id=5616&lmLangue=1
13. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2006/02/16/wtort116.xml&sSheet=/news/2006/02/16/ixnewstop.html
14. http://www.dccd.dk/DCCD/cku.nsf/doc/olafg.hansensspeechjune2005rabat?OpenDocument
15. http://www.unesco.org/dialogue/rabat/commitment.html
16. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=23915
17. http://www.westernresistance.com/blog/archives/003067.html
18. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22415
19. http://www.memri.org/bin/articles.cgi?Page=archives&Area=sd&ID=SP44702
20. http://www.memritv.org/Transcript.asp?P1=1026
21. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=22916
22. http://www.meforum.org/article/687/%92
23. http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1465349/posts
24. http://www.douglasfarah.com/article/92/europe-remains-center-of-islamist-focus
25. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010829.php
26. http://www.metimes.com/storyview.php?StoryID=20060214-062639-6847r
27. http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/1998/s981112a.htm
28. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010968.php
29. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/93360.html
30. http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/08/02/news/death.php
31. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1145961388862
32. http://www.brucebawer.com/
33. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/ReadArticle.asp?ID=24274
34. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4603883.stm
35. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/keep-internet-free.html
36. http://eureferendum.blogspot.com/2006/08/game-they-are-playing.html
37. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2002/11/08/nfee08.xml
38. http://www.prospect-magazine.co.uk/article_details.php?id=7483
39. http://www.dagbladet.no/kultur/2006/10/05/478767.html
40. http://www.slate.com/id/2105821
41. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/political-correctness-revenge-of.html
42. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
43. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?
xml=/news/2005/05/09/nve09.xml&sSheet=/portal/2005/05/09/ixportaltop.html
44. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2006/10/05/wmuslims05.xml
45. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1101
46. http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/06/14/news/giscard.php
46. http://51.883.-0.407subf41:LEocmje681673499621ВЈ
47. http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qn4159/is_20050227/ai_n11829335
48. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006392.php
49. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/008181.php
50. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/007084.php
51. http://www.americanthinker.com/articles.php?article_id=4992
52. http://www.likud.nl/press224.html
53. http://ec.europa.eu/comm/external_relations/news/patten/sp02_293.htm
54. http://www.defenddemocracy.org/publications/publications_show.htm?doc_id=250109&attrib_id=7393
55. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1145961361493&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
56. http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1145961350957&pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull
57. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/11/11-years-chaos-for-eu-accounts.html
58. http://www.economist.com/World/europe/displayStory.cfm?story_id=1325309
59. http://www.brugesgroup.com/mediacentre/index.live?article=91#price 

