# 2.3 Ten Reasons to Get Rid of the European Union

> 原文页码: 313-321

2.3 Ten Reasons to Get Rid of the European Union
1. The EU Promotes Crime and Instability
The EU does not protect the peace in Europe. On the contrary, it undermines stability in 
the continent by dismantling border controls at a time of the greatest population 
movements in human history, with many migrants coming from politically unstable 
countries whose instability spills over to European states. Through its senseless 
immigration policies, the EU could become partly responsible for triggering civil wars in 
several European countries. Maybe it will be remembered as the “peace project” which 
brought war.
The European Union has created a borderless region from Greece to France and from 
Portugal to Finland, yet the citizens of these countries still pay most of their taxes to 
nation states whose borders are no longer upheld. It is ridiculous to pay up to half of 
your income to an entity that no longer controls its own territory or legislation. Unless 
national borders are re-established, the citizens of EU member states no longer have any 
obligation to pay taxes.
The EU promotes a ridiculous amount of laws and regulations, yet street crime largely 
goes unpunished and is growing increasingly common. Laws are used to punish the law-
abiding while real criminals rule the streets, although this flaw is admittedly shared with 
many national governments. The EU makes a mockery out of the social contract every 
single day. As the authorities from Berlin via Amsterdam to London and Rome fail to 
uphold law and order, citizens have not just the right, but the duty to arm themselves in 
order to protect their property and the lives of their loved ones.
It is quite possible that we could indeed benefit from some form of European cooperation 
in defence of a shared civilisation, but not in the form of the EU as it is today. The EU is 
not about cooperation for protecting the best interests of Europeans; it is about turning 
the entire continent into a Multicultural theme park while the natives get culturally 
deconstructed and demographically crushed. The EU is a large-scale social experiment 
conducted on hundreds of millions of people. It is not about economics of scale, it is 
about stupidity of scale.
The EU does not give Europeans a “voice” on the international arena. It’s a bureaucratic 
monster at best, a dangerous Utopian project at worst. It makes our enemies take us 
less seriously, not more. It is not about giving anybody a voice; it is about silencing the 
voices we already have, by depriving us of any say regarding our future and the destinies 
of our peoples.
2. The EU Weakens Europe’s Cultural Defences
The EU is systematically surrendering the continent to our worst enemies. When French, 
Dutch and Irish voters rejected the EU Constitution, the EU elites moved on as if nothing 
had happened. When the Islamic world says that the EU should work to eradicate 
“Islamophobia,” they immediately consent to do this. When an organisation ignores the 
interests of its own people yet implements the interests of that people’s enemies, that 
organisation has become an actively hostile entity run by a corrupt class of abject 
traitors. This is what the EU is today.
The EU is deliberately destroying the cultural traditions of member states by flooding 
them with immigrants and eradicating native traditions. This is a gross violation of the 
rights of the indigenous peoples across an entire continent. Europe has some of the 
richest cultural traditions on the planet. To replace this with sharia barbarism is a crime 
against humanity. The European Union is currently the principal (though not the only) 
motor behind the Islamisation of Europe, perhaps the greatest betrayal in this 
civilisation’s history. Appeasement of Islam and Muslims is so deeply immersed into the 
structural DNA of the EU that the only way to stop the Islamisation of the continent is to 
get rid of the EU. All of it.
3. The EU Promotes a Bloated Bureaucracy
A study released by the organisation Open Europe[1] in August 2008 found that the EU 
employs an “army” of bureaucrats, and that the actual number of individuals required to 
run the EU is close to 170,000 — more than 7 times the 23,000 figure sometimes cited 
by the Commission.
According to them, “The legislative process of the EU is an extremely complex and 
opaque system, making it very difficult to identify how many people are actually involved 
in formulating, implementing and overseeing legislation. However, research by Open 
Europe, using limited available information, shows that just to draft and work out how to 
implement legislation the EU requires a bureaucratic staff of around 62,026 people. This 
figure reveals where the EU’s real legislative work is actually done: in committees, behind 
closed doors and out of the public eye. Most of the work takes place away from the core 
institutions within Expert Groups, Council Groups, and what are known as Comitology 
committees.”
Notice how this closed and secretive process of drafting legislation for half a billion people 
resembles that of a dictatorship. The EU follows a strategy of hide in plain sight and 
conceals the real power behind layers of bureaucratic complexities. This strategy was 
also followed with the drafting of the ridiculously long European Constitution.
If somebody presented you with a contract of hundreds of pages of more or less 
incomprehensible technical language which was to govern all aspects of your life and that 
of your children and grandchildren, and that person told you to just take his word for it 
that it is good and could you please sign on the dotted line, would you have accepted it? 
That is essentially what the EU has done regarding the fate of an entire continent, not 
just a single family. When some annoying people, such as the Dutch and the Irish, were 
unkind enough not to consent blindly to their new serfdom, the EU decided that they 
were bound by the contract they just rejected, anyway. It’s arrogance on a monumental 
scale, if not plain treason.
The EU is not yet a totalitarian entity, but it holds all the tools it needs to in order to 
become one. It has managed to corrupt the national elites to sell out the freedom of their 
peoples by inviting them to take part in the world’s largest racket, paid for by European 
taxpayers. The growing pan-European nanny state now interferes with every aspect of 
social and economic life, governed by an unaccountable and often hostile minority of 
social engineers who wish to impose their way of thinking on the majority.
4. Excessive Regulation and Centralisation is bad for Freedom and for Prosperity
Europe once became a dynamic continent thanks to competition at all levels. It is now 
virtually impossible to find a sector of society that is untouched by the often excessive EU 
regulations. The EU functions as a huge superstate centrally directed by statists obsessed 
by regulations. They have learnt little from history, where central planning has been an 
almost universal failure. Here is what Nathan Rosenberg and L.E. Birdzell Jr. say in How 
The West Grew Rich: The Economic Transformation Of The Industrial World:
“Initially, the West’s achievement of autonomy stemmed from a relaxation, or a 
weakening, of political and religious controls, giving other departments of social life the 
opportunity to experiment with change. Growth is, of course, a form of change, and 
growth is impossible when change is not permitted. Any successful change requires a 
large measure of freedom to experiment. A grant of that kind of freedom costs a society’s 
rulers their feeling of control, as if they were conceding to others the power to determine 
the society’s future. The great majority of societies, past and present, have not allowed 
it. Nor have they escaped from poverty.”
Moreover, “Western technology developed in the special context of a high degree of 
autonomy among the political, religious, scientific, and economic spheres of social life. Is 
this high degree of autonomy indispensable to the successful application of technology to 
economic welfare? Few Western scientists would disagree with the proposition that a high 
degree of autonomy of the scientific sphere from political or religious control is essential 
to scientific advance. It is almost as clear that a similar autonomy, in much the same 
degree, is essential to the economic process of translating scientific advances into goods 
and services. The technological capability of a society is bound to be degraded if control 
of either scientific inquiry or innovation is located at points of political or religious 
authority that combine an interest in controlling the outcome of technological 
development with the power to restrict or direct experiment. In all well-ordered societies, 
political authority is dedicated to stability, security, and the status quo. It is thus 
singularly ill-qualified to direct or channel activity intended to produce instability, 
insecurity, and change.”
The European Union cannot be anything but anti-liberty because it concentrates far too 
much power in a centralised bureaucratic system that is almost impossible for outsiders 
to understand. As the Austrian economist Friedrich Hayek warned in The Road to 
Serfdom:
“To imagine that the economic life of a vast area comprising many different people can 
be directed or planned by democratic procedure betrays a complete lack of awareness of 
the problems such planning would raise. Planning on an international scale, even more 
than is true on a national scale, cannot be anything but a naked rule of force, an 
imposition by a small group on all the rest of that sort of standard and employment 
which the planners think suitable for the rest.”
5. The Lack of a Real Separation of Powers in the EU Invites Abuse of Power
We should study the work of the great eighteenth century French thinker Montesquieu, 
who admired the British political system. He advocated that the executive, legislative and 
judicial branches of government should be assigned to different bodies, where each of 
them would not be powerful enough to impose its will on society. This is because 
“constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, 
and to carry his authority as far as it will go.” This separation of powers is almost totally 
absent in the European Union, where there is weak to non-existent separation between 
the legislative, the executive and the judicial branches, and where all of them function 
without the consent of the public. In short, a small number of people can draft and 
implement laws without consulting the people, and these take precedence over the laws 
passed by elected assemblies. This is a blueprint for a dictatorship.
In 2007, former German president Roman Herzog warned that parliamentary democracy 
was under threat from the EU. Between 1999 and 2004, 84 percent of the legal acts in 
Germany — and the majority in all EU member states — stemmed from Brussels. 
According to Herzog, “EU policies suffer to an alarming degree from a lack of democracy 
and a de facto suspension of the separation of powers.” Despite this, the EU was largely a 
non-issue during the 2005 German elections. One gets the feeling that the real issues of 
substance are not subject to public debate. National elections have become an 
increasingly empty ritual. The important issues have already been settled beforehand 
behind closed doors.
Free citizens should obey laws that are passed with the best long-term interests of their 
nation and people in mind. Most of the laws within the EU’s area are no longer passed by 
elected national representatives, but by unaccountable EU bureaucrats, some of whom 
could potentially have been bought and paid by our Islamic enemies with Arab oil money. 
As such, the citizens of these nations no longer have any obligation to obey these laws.
As Montesquieu warned, “When the legislative and executive powers are united in the 
same person, or in the same body of magistrates, there can be no liberty; because 
apprehensions may arise, lest the same monarch or senate should enact tyrannical laws, 
to execute them in a tyrannical manner.” He also stated that “Useless laws weaken the 
necessary laws.” The current problem with the EU is not just the content of laws and the 
way they are drafted and passed, but also their sheer volume. Law-abiding citizens are 
turned into criminals by laws regulating speech and behaviour, while real criminals rule 
the streets in our cities. This situation will either lead to a police state, to a total 
breakdown in law and order, or both.
6. The Lack of Transparency Leaves the EU Vulnerable to Hostile Infiltration
In order to have a system with government under public control, you need accountability 
and transparency. The EU fails miserably on both accounts. The reason why European 
leaders could commit a betrayal as large as the creation of Eurabia is not only because 
EU authorities are not formally subjected to the popular will, but just as much because 
they have made the decision-making process incredibly complicated and moved real 
power out of the public view.
There is every reason to believe that some of those claiming to be our representatives 
have been bribed and/or blackmailed by Muslim countries and other enemies to 
implement agendas hostile to our interests. No system is perfect, but a closed and non-
transparent system such as the EU is particularly vulnerable to infiltration from outsiders 
and hostile foreign interests.
The “anti-discrimination laws” we now see in Western Europe are an indication that the 
democratic system no longer works as intended. These laws come from a small group of 
self-appointed leaders who respond to pressure from the Islamic world, not from their 
own people. The European political elites increasingly risk being seen as collaborators 
and puppets for our enemies because that’s in many cases how they act.
7. The EU Leads to Less Freedom of Speech
The EU does nothing to promote freedom in Europe, but rather spends a great deal of 
time trying to stamp out what’s left of it. The EU, in cooperation with Islamic countries, is 
rewriting school textbooks across the European continent to present a more “positive” 
image of Islam. The EU increasingly views the media and the education system simply as 
a prolonged arm of the state. This is the hallmark of a totalitarian state, which is what 
the EUSSR is gradually becoming. One gets the feeling that the EU’s concept of a “united 
Europe” means one nation, one people — and one allowed opinion. It is tempting to say 
one allowed religion as well: Islam.
According to British writer Daniel Hannan[2], “Eurocrats instinctively dislike spontaneous 
activity. To them, ‘unregulated’ is almost synonymous with ‘illegal’. The bureaucratic 
mindset demands uniformity, licensing, order. Eurocrats are especially upset because 
many bloggers, being of an anarchic disposition, are anti-Brussels. In the French, Dutch 
and Irish referendums, the MSM [mainstream media] were uniformly pro-treaty, whereas 
internet activity was overwhelmingly sceptical. Bruno Waterfield recently reported on a 
secret Commission report about the danger posed by online libertarians: ‘Apart from 
official websites, the internet has largely been a space left to anti-European feeling. 
Given the ability to reach an audience at a much lower cost, and given the simplicity of 
the No campaign messages, it has proven to be easily malleable during the campaign 
and pre-campaign period.’ The EU’s solution? Why, to regulate blogs!”
At the time of writing, it looks like the most radical proposals to regulate the blogosphere 
and independent websites have been watered down for now, but there is no doubt that 
the EU will make new attempts to censor the Internet, especially since the organisation 
has successfully bribed much of the traditional media. The EU has encouraged pan-
European laws against “racism and hate speech.” Every single action the EU has taken 
vis-à-vis these subjects have led to more restrictions of free speech, online and offline. 
There is no reason not to expect that trend to continue, especially since the EU tries 
consistently to placate Muslims and other immigrant groups in every way possible. The 
EU’s attempts to crush dissent and silence criticism of its ideas will become increasingly 
aggressive and hard to ignore.
8. The EU Fails to Consult its Citizens and Insults Them When Doing So
The Irish referendum in 2008 on the proposed EU Constitution/ Lisbon Treaty is a 
powerful testimony to the evil nature of the European Union. Before the referendum, a 
number of EU leaders made it perfectly clear that the Lisbon Treaty was virtually identical 
to the European Constitution which had been rejected by Dutch and French voters in 
2005, and which should then presumably have been dead.
Former French President Valéry Giscard d’Estaing (the chief drafter of the Constitution) 
said[3]: “the proposals in the original constitutional treaty are practically unchanged. 
They have simply been dispersed through old treaties in the form of amendments. Why 
this subtle change? Above all, to head off any threat of referenda by avoiding any form of 
constitutional vocabulary.” D’Estaing also said[4]: “Public opinion will be led to adopt, 
without knowing it, the proposals that we dare not present to them directly… All the 
earlier proposals will be in the new text, but will be hidden and disguised in some way.” 
Spanish PM José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero said[5]: “We have not let a single substantial 
point of the Constitutional Treaty go…” Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said[6]: 
“Those who are anti-EU are terrorists. It is psychological terrorism to suggest the specter 
of a European superstate.”
Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen admitted that he had not read the Lisbon Treaty in full, 
but nonetheless assured his people that it was good and that Irishmen should vote “yes” 
based on this assurance. He said that voters were being asked to give the EU a “more 
effective and efficient decision-making process.”
If a dictator decides to ignore the opinion of everybody else and implement policies as he 
sees fit without consulting anybody, this could be seen as a “more efficient” decision-
making process from a certain point of view. Is it this kind of “efficiency” the EU is 
promoting? Mr. Cowen doesn’t say, but it’s tempting to speculate that the answer is 
“yes.” According to the words and actions of the EU elites, the will of the people is merely 
an annoying speed bump which slows down the implementation of their supremely 
enlightened policies.
After[7] the referendum, when it was clear that the Irish would have none of this trick, 
the Irish EU Commissioner Charlie McCreevy[8] revealed that he had not read the Lisbon 
Treaty himself: “I would predict that there won’t be 250 people in the whole of the 4.2 
million population of Ireland that have read the treaties cover-to-cover. I further predict 
that there is not 10 percent of that 250 that will understand every section and 
subsection,” he said. “But is there anything different about that?” said the Commissioner, 
adding: “Does anyone read the finance act?” referring to the lengthy documents he drew 
up when he was finance minister in Ireland.
Let us repeat this again. This man stated — probably correctly — that not more than a 
couple of dozen people among millions of citizens actually understood the document they 
were supposed to vote over, yet he saw nothing inherently wrong with this. The EU 
Constitution/ Lisbon Treaty would finalise the transfer of authority to a new pan-European 
superstate with almost unlimited powers to direct the affairs and lives of half a billion 
people in dozens of countries, from Finland to France and from Ireland to Poland. The 
Irish responded in the only sensible manner, but European leaders made it perfectly clear 
that they would press on with the project of dismantling European nation states 
regardless of popular resistance.
French President Sarkozy and German Chancellor Merkel issued a joint statement[9] 
saying they “hope that the other member states will continue the process of ratification.” 
The German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier[10] said: “The ratification process 
must continue. I am still convinced that we need this treaty.” The British Foreign 
Secretary David Miliband said[11] the UK would press on with ratification: “It’s right that 
we continue with our own process.”
The President of the European Parliament Hans-Gert Pöttering stated[12]: “The 
ratification process must continue” because “the reform of the European Union is 
important for citizens, for democracy and for transparency.” In other words: The reason 
the EU is tossing aside the verdict of the Irish people, as well as the French and Dutch 
people and numerous others who never got the chance to voice their opinion at all, is for 
“democracy.”
According to writer Martin Helme[13], it was always clear that the power elites were not 
going to accept an Irish “no.” After the first shock they would simply continue carrying 
out plan A:
“One of the most disgusting and outrageous talking points already being peddled by the 
Eurocrats and their friends in the liberal mainstream media is that 862,415 Irish voters 
have no right to block the desired goal of some 450 million Europeans. This distortion of 
truth should never go unchallenged. First of all, those few million Irish were actually the 
only citizens in Europe who were asked for their opinion. The rest of the 446 or so 
millions were never consulted. How can any politician claim that their voters want the 
ratification of EU constitution/Lisbon Treaty when the entire political class emphatically 
insisted on not asking the people? In fact, in many countries politicians openly admit that 
their voters would have done the same as Irish did, i.e. vote against the rotten thing. So 
it is not the few million Irish voters blocking the will of hundreds of millions of other 
European voters but very clearly a mass of Irish voters against a few thousand politicians 
and bureaucrats who make up the European power elite. Secondly, what happened to 
those 20 million French and Dutch voters who said no to the same document three years 
ago?”
The European Commission in April 2008[14] presented a new plan aimed at increasing 
EU citizens’ involvement in the decision-making process of the 27-nation bloc, as well as 
making it more popular. “We must consult citizens,” said the Swedish Commissioner 
Margot Wallström then. She is famous for her remark in 2005[15] that Europeans needed 
to approve of the proposed EU constitution or risk a new Holocaust. Three years after the 
Constitution was first rejected, and still with no Holocaust in sight, the EU no longer 
pretends to care about the will of the people. When Eurocrats talk about “consulting” 
citizens, they mean insulting them.
In April 2008, a demonstration[16] comprising people from all walks of life and from 
most political parties convened in front of the famous and beautiful Staatsoper (State 
Opera) in the center of Vienna to demonstrate against the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty 
in the Austrian Parliament, which later occurred without holding a referendum. Opinion 
polls showed that a majority of Austrians were convinced, as they should be, that policy 
is determined almost exclusively by Brussels. They see[17] local politicians as largely 
deprived of any power, and many of them were reluctant to grant even more power to 
the unaccountable EU.
Opinion polls from mid-2008[18] showed that a strong majority of the Dutch were still 
against the Lisbon Treaty, which is virtually identical to the Constitution that Dutch voters 
rejected by 62 to 38 percent in the 2005 referendum. Nevertheless, the Netherlands is 
going ahead with the ratification of the Treaty even after the Irish rejected it, said 
Premier Jan Peter Balkenende. The political elites are determined to continue a process 
which will essentially dismantle their country and reduce it to just another province in an 
emerging Eurabian superstate, and openly ignore their own people in order to implement 
this.
As Helme states, “Governments have willfully and knowingly gone against the will of the 
people, trashed their own constitutions, corrupted their courts to go along with it (thus 
trashing the rule of law) and started to govern without the consent of the people or the 
rule of law….This is the path that leads to revolution. Good! As Thomas Jefferson said 
‘The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and 
tyrants.’ I have a feeling that more and more people around Europe are ready for it. How 
about the politicians?”
9. The EU Undermines Political Legitimacy and Connections between Rulers and 
the Ruled
Proponents of the European Union claim that it is a “peace project.” But the EU is not 
about peace, it is about war: A demographic and cultural war waged against an entire 
continent, from the Black Sea to the North Sea, in order to destroy European nation 
states and build an empire run by self-appointed bureaucrats. This is supported by 
national politicians in order to enhance their personal power, by creating a larger political 
entity than their individual nation states and by ridding themselves of the constraints of a 
democratic society. The EU corrupts national political elites into betraying the people they 
are supposed to serve and protect.
Anthony Coughlan[19], a senior lecturer at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland, states the 
following in an essay at the EU Observer:
“At a national level when a minister wants to get something done, he or she must have 
the backing of the prime minister, must have the agreement of the minister for finance if 
it means spending money, and above all must have majority support in the national 
parliament, and implicitly amongst voters in the country. Shift the policy area in question 
to the supranational level of Brussels however, where laws are made primarily by the 27-
member Council of Ministers, and the minister in question becomes a member of an 
oligarchy, a committee of lawmakers, the most powerful in history, making laws for 500 
million Europeans, and irremovable as a group regardless of what it does. National 
parliaments and citizens lose power with every EU treaty, for they no longer have the 
final say in the policy areas concerned. Individual ministers on the other hand obtain an 
intoxicating increase in personal power, as they are transformed from members of the 
executive arm of government at national level, subordinate to a national legislature, into 
EU-wide legislators at the supranational.”
EU ministers see themselves as architects of a superpower in the making, and can free 
themselves from scrutiny of their actions by elected national parliaments. According to 
Coughlan, EU integration represents “a gradual coup by government executives against 
legislatures, and by politicians against the citizens who elect them.” This process sucks 
the reality of power from “traditional government institutions, while leaving these still 
formally intact. They still keep their old names — parliament, government, supreme court 
— so that their citizens do not get too alarmed, but their classical functions have been 
transformed.”
The European Union is basically an attempt by the elites in European nations to 
cooperate on usurping power, bypassing and abolishing the democratic system, a slow-
motion coup d’état. Ideas such as “promoting peace” or “promoting free trade” are used 
as a pretext for this, a bone thrown to fool the gullible masses and veil what is essentially 
a naked power grab.
The European Union is deeply flawed in its basic construction and cannot function as 
anything other than an increasingly totalitarian pan-European dictatorship, run by a self-
appointed oligarchy. Indeed, there is reason to fear that it was designed that way. Power 
is concentrated heavily in institutions that are above the formal restraints of public 
consent and above the informal restraints of public scrutiny and insight. EU authorities 
can do more or less whatever they want to, as they do in relations to the Arab and 
Islamic world.
10. The EU Spreads a Culture of Lies and Corruption
After Irish voters had clearly rejected the Lisbon Treaty (the slightly changed, but 
otherwise recycled version of the European Constitution which had been rejected by 
French and Dutch voters earlier), Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen of Denmark 
said[20] Ireland should be given less than nine months to work out its problems with the 
Lisbon Treaty prior to the EU’s parliamentary elections in 2009. Rasmussen said that the 
Irish “no” vote to the Constitution should not stop further work by the Union toward 
getting the treaty ratified. European leaders, including Danish ones, have generally 
preferred ratification of the EU Constitution without popular referendums because they 
know there is powerful resistance to it in many countries. It is meaningless to have 
referendums if they only come when the elites want them to, and these elites can ignore 
them if they dislike the results.
Mr. Rasmussen[21] is a great example of how the European Union slowly destroys the 
democratic system and is deliberately designed to do so. He is supposed to follow the will 
of and interests of his people, but his actual loyalty lies with the rest of the EU oligarchy. 
He’s by no means the worst person among EU leaders; this isn’t about his personal flaws, 
it’s about the EU and how it eventually corrupts even otherwise decent individuals. A 
similar thing happened in Portugal, where the PM responded to calls from the leaders of 
Germany and France, not his own electorate.
The EU is a slow-motion coup d’état conducted against dozens of countries 
simultaneously. It is designed to empty all organs subjected to the popular will of any 
real power and transfer it into the hands of an unelected oligarchy. In fact, it’s worse 
than a coup d’état because this traditionally implied that a group of people seized control 
over a country. The EU doesn’t just want to seize control over nation states; it wants to 
abolish them. The EU is organised treason.
The EU elites react as one when faced with challenges to their power base from ordinary 
people. MEPs in the European Parliament as well as participants at every level of the EU 
system get very well-paid jobs for taking part in it, which means that their pragmatic 
interests lie with maintaining it. Their loyalty has been bought — with the tax money of 
European citizens — and transferred from their people, where it theoretically should be, 
to the EU. The EU is their pension plan, so to speak. When you challenge the EU, you 
thus constitute a direct threat to their personal financial interests, and they will respond 
accordingly.
Just like the Soviet Union, the European Union promotes a culture of lies and corruption 
which starts at the top and filters down to society as a whole. The EU system corrupts 
virtually everybody who comes close to it. It cannot be reformed, it can only be 
dismantled.
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/10/ten-reasons-to-get-rid-of-european.html
1. http://www.openeurope.org.uk/media-centre/pressrelease.aspx?pressreleaseid=82
2. http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/daniel_hannan/blog/2008/09/04/how_the_eu_plans_to_regulate_blogs?com_num=20
3. http://www.independent.co.uk/opinion/commentators/valeacutery-giscard-destaing-the-eu-treaty-is-the-same-as-the-
constitution-398286.html
4. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/1556175/New-treaty-is-just-'constitution-in-disguise'.html
5. http://www.la-moncloa.es/Presidente/Intervenciones/Sesionesparlamento/prsp20070627.htm
6. http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/10248/Opponents+of+EU+treaty+accused+of+being+'terrorists' 
7. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3340
7. http://53.554.10.022plusf75:DTpqdck196754674448МA
8. http://euobserver.com/18/26342
9. 
http://www.monstersandcritics.com/news/europe/news/article_1411115.php/Sarkozy_Merkel_want_treaty_ratification_process
_to_go_on__Roundup_
10. http://uk.news.yahoo.com/rtrs/20080613/tpl-uk-eu-ireland-germany-43a8d4f_2.html
11. http://uk.news.yahoo.com/afp/20080613/tuk-ireland-eu-referendum-britain-a7ad41d.html
12. http://www.spectator.co.uk/the-magazine/features/783601/part_2/eu-leaders-will-never-consult-us-again.thtml
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/3350
14. http://euobserver.com/9/25909
15. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1489643/Vote-for-EU-constitution-or-risk-new-Holocaust-says-Brussels.html
16. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/04/austrians-demonstrate-against-lisbon-in.html
17. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/06/austrians-were-not-fooled.html
18. http://www.nisnews.nl/public/170608_2.htm
19. http://www.free-europe.org/blog/?itemid=364
20. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/107749.html
21. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/08/fogh-forget-referendum.html

