# 2.4 Why the EU Needs to be Destroyed, and Soon

> 原文页码: 322-328

2.4 Why the EU Needs to be Destroyed, and Soon
by Fjordman
I know many Americans, and Europeans, too, have more or less written off Western 
Europe as lost to Islam already. I would be lying if I said that I didn’t think this too 
sometimes, but I do see encouraging signs of a real shift of public opinion beneath the 
surface. Judging from information such as the extremely high number of Germans hostile 
to Islam, I still believe, or at least hope, that Europe can be saved. But this hope hinges 
on the complete and utter destruction of the European Union.
The EU must die, or Europe will die. It’s that simple.
Bat Ye’or in her book Eurabia: The Euro-Arab Axis is right in pointing out that ordinary 
Europeans have never voted for this merger with the Islamic world through massive 
Muslim immigration and multiculturalism. This is closely tied to the rise of the European 
Union, which has transferred power away from the people and the democratic process to 
behind-the-scenes deals made by corrupt, Eurabian officials and bureaucrats. Several 
observers have noted that there is a serious disconnect between the European elites and 
ordinary citizens. This has been made possible largely because of the EU.
I have heard the term “neo-Feudalism” being used of the EU. There are definitely certain 
elite groups in Europe who have never really accepted the loss of power to “the mob,” 
and think that everything that’s wrong with Europe is because of “populism,” what others 
call democracy. These are also the people who created Eurabia and “forgot” to consult 
the public about these plans. The EU should be viewed that way, as a de facto, slow-
motion abolition of European democracy, disguised as something else. The real force 
behind the EU is to cede national sovereignty to a new ruling class of bureaucrats, a new 
aristocracy and a throwback to the pre-democratic age.
I’m really worried about a complete collapse of the democratic system here. It has 
already been weakened by the EU, the UN etc. for a long time, and now we also have 
direct physical threats by Muslims to freedom of speech. Ordinary Europeans are no 
longer in control of our own fates. Sweden has for instance in reality ceased being a 
democratic country[1], in my view. We need to recapture this, or Europe is finished.
In an interview with Paul Belien of the Brussels Journal in February 2006[2], former 
Soviet Dissident Vladimir Bukovksy warned that the European Union is on its way to 
becoming another Soviet Union, an EUSSR as some people call it. In a speech he 
delivered in Brussels, Belgium, Mr Bukovsky called the EU a “monster” that must be 
destroyed, the sooner the better, before it develops into a fully-fledged totalitarian state.
“I am referring to structures, to certain ideologies being instilled, to the plans, the 
direction, the inevitable expansion, the obliteration of nations, which was the purpose of 
the Soviet Union. Most people do not understand this. They do not know it, but we do 
because we were raised in the Soviet Union where we had to study the Soviet ideology in 
school and at university. The ultimate purpose of the Soviet Union was to create a new 
historic entity, the Soviet people, all around the globe. The same is true in the EU today. 
They are trying to create a new people. They call this people “Europeans”, whatever that 
means. According to Communist doctrine as well as to many forms of Socialist thinking, 
the state, the national state, is supposed to wither away. In Russia, however, the 
opposite happened. Instead of withering away the Soviet state became a very powerful 
state, but the nationalities were obliterated. But when the time of the Soviet collapse 
came these suppressed feelings of national identity came bouncing back and they nearly 
destroyed the country. It was so frightening.”
Bukovksy replied negatively to Belien’s question whether the member countries of the EU 
didn’t join the union voluntarily, and that the integration thus reflects the democratic will 
of Europeans. “No, they did not. Look at Denmark which voted against the Maastricht 
treaty twice. Look at Ireland [which voted against the Nice treaty]. Look at many other 
countries, they are under enormous pressure. It is almost blackmail. It is a trick for 
idiots. The people have to vote in referendums until the people vote the way that is 
wanted. Then they have to stop voting. Why stop? Let us continue voting. The European 
Union is what Americans would call a shotgun marriage.”
In 1992, Bukovksy had unprecedented access to Politburo and other Soviet secret 
documents. According to him, some of these documents “show very clearly” that the idea 
of turning the European common market into a federal state was encouraged in 
agreements between the left-wing parties of Europe and Moscow as a joint project which 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1988-89 called our “common European home” “Of 
course, it is a milder version of the Soviet Union. I am not saying that it has a Gulag.”
“The idea was very simple. It first came up in 1985-86, when the Italian Communists 
visited Gorbachev, followed by the German Social-Democrats. They all complained that 
the changes in the world, particularly after [British Prime Minister Margaret] Thatcher 
introduced privatisation and economic liberalisation, were threatening to wipe out the 
achievement (as they called it) of generations of Socialists and Social-Democrats – 
threatening to reverse it completely. Therefore the only way to withstand this onslaught 
of wild capitalism (as they called it) was to try to introduce the same socialist goals in all 
countries at once. Prior to that, the left-wing parties and the Soviet Union had opposed 
European integration very much because they perceived it as a means to block their 
socialist goals.” From 1985 onwards, “the Soviets came to an agreement with the left-
wing parties that if they worked together they could hijack the whole European project 
and turn it upside down. Instead of an open market they would turn it into a federal 
state.”
In January 1989, during a meeting between Gorbachev, former Japanese Prime Minister 
Nakasone, former French President Valéry Giscard d’Estaing, American banker Rockefeller 
and former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Giscard d’Estaing is supposed to have 
stated that: “Europe is going to be a federal state and you have to prepare yourself for 
that. You have to work out with us, and the European leaders, how you would react to 
that, how would you allow the other Eastern European countries to interact with it or how 
to become a part of it, you have to be prepared.” As Vladimir Bukovksy points out, this 
was 1989, at a time when the [1992] Maastricht treaty had not even been drafted. “How 
the hell did Giscard d’Estaing know what was going to happen in 15 years time? And 
surprise, surprise, how did he become the author of the European constitution [in 2002-
03]? It does smell of conspiracy, doesn’t it?”
Yes, it does smell of conspiracy. This was in the 1980s, when most of the media still 
dismissed talk of a political union to subdue the nation states as scaremongering. Valéry 
Giscard d’Estaing, former French President and chief drafter of the awful EU 
Constitution[3], an impenetrable brick of a book of hundreds of pages without any of the 
checks and balances of the American Constitution, has argued that the rejection of the 
Constitution in the French and Dutch referendums in 2005 “was a mistake which will 
have to be corrected.” “The Constitution will have to be given its second chance.” He said 
the French people voted No out of an “error of judgement” and “ignorance”, and insisted 
that “In the end, the text will be adopted.” “It was a mistake to use the referendum 
process, but when you make a mistake you can correct it.” Mr Giscard d’Estaing indicated 
that the treaty could be put to French voters in a second referendum, or be ratified by 
the French parliament. “People have the right to change their opinion. The people might 
consider they made a mistake[4],” he said on a possible new referendum. Anybody who 
still questions whether Eurabia, the deliberate merger between Europe and the Arab-
Islamic world described by Bat Ye’or, is “just a conspiracy theory” should read these 
statements by Giscard d’Estaing. Why should we be surprised if leading EU officials make 
behind-the-scenes agreements that affect the future of the entire continent, yet say 
nothing about this in public or flat out lie about their agenda? This is how the EU has 
been working for decades, indeed from the very beginning.
From its inception, European integration has been a French-led enterprise. The fact that 
the French political elite still want to maintain their leadership over Europe was amply 
demonstrated during the Iraq war. President Chirac[5] famously said in 2003 after 
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic backed the US position “They missed a good 
opportunity to shut up,” adding “These countries have been not very well behaved and 
rather reckless of the danger of aligning themselves too rapidly with the American 
position.” Jean Monnet, French economist who was never elected to public office, is 
regarded by many as the architect of European integration. Monnet was a well-connected 
pragmatist who worked behind the scenes towards the gradual creation of European 
unity. Richard North, publisher of the blog EU Referendum[6] and co-author of the book 
The Great Deception: Can the European Union Survive? together with Christopher 
Booker, describes how Jean Monnet for years, at least from the 1920s, had dreamed of 
building a “United States of Europe.” Although what Monnet really had in mind was the 
creation of a European entity with all the attributes of a state, an “anodyne phrasing was 
deliberately chosen with a view to making it difficult to dilute by converting it into just 
another intergovernmental body. It was also couched in this fashion so that it would not 
scare off national governments by emphasising that its purpose was to override their 
sovereignty.” In their analysis of the EU’s history, the authors claim that the EU was not 
born out of WW2, as many people seem to think. It had been planned at least a 
generation before that.
The Schuman Declaration of 9 May 1950, widely presented as the beginning of the 
efforts towards a European Union[7] and commemorated in “Europe Day,” contains 
phrases which state that it is “a first step in the federation of Europe”, and that “this 
proposal will lead to the realisation of the first concrete foundation of a European 
federation”. As critics of the EU have noted, these political objectives are usually omitted 
when the Declaration is referred to, and most people do not even know of their 
existence. A federation is of course a State and “yet for decades now the champions of 
EC/EU integration have been swearing blind that they have no knowledge of any such 
plans. EEC/EC/EU has steadily acquired ever more features of a supranational 
Federation: flag, anthem, Parliament, Supreme Court, currency, laws.” The EU founders 
“were careful only to show their citizens the benign features of their project. It had been 
designed to be implemented incrementally, as an ongoing process, so that no single 
phase of the project would arouse sufficient opposition as to stop or derail it.” Booker and 
North calls the European Union “a slow-motion coup d’état: the most spectacular coup 
d’état in history,” designed to gradually and carefully sideline the democratic process and 
subdue the older nation states of Europe without saying so in public.
In 2005, an unprecedented joint declaration by the leaders of all British political groups 
in Brussels called for PM Tony Blair to push for an end the “medieval” practice[8] of 
European legislation being decided behind closed doors. Critics claim that the Council of 
Ministers, the EU’s supreme law-making body, which decides two thirds of all Britain’s 
laws (and the majority of laws in all Western European countries), “is the only legislature 
outside the Communist dictatorships of North Korea and Cuba to pass laws in secret.” As 
one of the signers put it: “We still have this medieval way of making decisions in the EU; 
people hide behind other member states, and blame them. It increases people’s sense of 
cynicism, but what we need is some straight talking.” According to British Conservative 
politician Daniel Hannan[9], this is how the EU was designed. “Its founding fathers 
understood from the first that their audacious plan to merge the ancient nations of 
Europe into a single polity would never succeed if each successive transfer of power had 
to be referred back to the voters for approval. So they cunningly devised a structure 
where supreme power was in the hands of appointed functionaries, immune to public 
opinion.” “Indeed, the EU’s structure is not so much undemocratic as anti-democratic.”
Vladimir Bukovksy, too, warns that it looks like we are living in a period of rapid, 
systematic and very consistent dismantlement of democracy. “Look at this Legislative and 
Regulatory Reform Bill. It makes ministers into legislators who can introduce new laws 
without bothering to tell Parliament or anyone.” “Today’s situation is really grim. Major 
political parties have been completely taken in by the new EU project. None of them 
really opposes it. They have become very corrupt. Who is going to defend our freedoms?” 
He doesn’t have much faith in institutions such as the elected, but largely powerless 
European Parliament, to curtail these developments. “The European Parliament is elected 
on the basis of proportional representation, which is not true representation. And what 
does it vote on? The percentage of fat in yoghurt, that kind of thing. It is ridiculous.” “It 
is no accident that the European Parliament, for example, reminds me of the Supreme 
Soviet. It looks like the Supreme Soviet because it was designed like it. Similary, when 
you look at the European Commission it looks like the Politburo,” which was the real 
centre of power in the USSR, unaccountable to anyone, not directly elected by anyone at 
all.
Another former citizen of the USSR, Vilius Brazenas[10], has noted some of these 
similarities between EU and Soviet institutions, too. “When former Soviet dictator Mikhail 
Gorbachev visited Britain in 2000, he accurately described the European Union as “the 
new European Soviet.” He said this with obvious approval, since he sees the evolving EU 
as fulfilling his vision of a “common European home” stretching “from the Atlantic to the 
Urals,” as he described it in his 1987 book Perestroika. Mr. Gorbachev is a lifelong 
Communist.” “It is highly significant that a top-level Marxist-Leninist such as Mikhail 
Gorbachev could find such affinity with Western leaders about a “common European 
home” and then, 13 years later, approvingly note that that common home was moving 
ever closer to the Soviet model.” “Booker and North write that Belgian Prime Minister 
Paul-Henri Spaak, known in Europe as “Mr. Socialist,” was responsible for convincing his 
fellow EU founding fathers that “the most effective way to disguise their project’s political 
purpose was to conceal it behind a pretense that it was concerned only with economic co-
operation, based on dismantling trade barriers: a ‘common market.’”
Meanwhile, the vast and inflated EU bureaucracy puts its tentacles into regulating every 
conceivable subject in Europe in great detail, not just the percentage of fat in yoghurt. 
Beer drinkers in Germany were frothing at the mouth during the summer of 2005 over 
EU plans to make Bavarian barmaids cover up. The aim of the proposed EU directive was 
to protect them from the sun’s harmful rays. But the so-called “tan ban”[11] was 
condemned as absurd by breweries, politicians — and the barmaids. It was eventually 
withdrawn. In Sweden, most clothes sold in shops contain labels with washing 
instructions[12]. But the labels were viewed at the EU level as a hindrance to free trade, 
as it was prejudicial to foreign clothes sold in Sweden that don’t have the labels. A poll 
commissioned by the Swedish Consumer Agency showed that eight out of ten Swedes 
read the washing instructions before they wash new clothes, and six out of ten read them 
before they buy clothes.
These are examples of the more ridiculous or funny aspects of the EU machinery. But 
there is also a much more sinister side to it: The promotion of an official, “Eurabian” 
federal ideology promoting multiculturalism[13], denouncing all those wanting to 
preserve their democracy at the nation state level as “xenophobes” and those wanting to 
limit Third World immigration as “racists.” A report from the EU’s racism watchdog said 
Europe must do more to combat racism and “Islamophobia.[14]” New anti-discrimination 
laws to combat Islamophobia are to be enacted, as they already have been in Norway, 
where Norwegians need to mount proof of their own innocence[15] if Muslim immigrants 
accuse them of discrimination in any form, including discriminatory speech. The EU also 
wants to promote an official lexicon[16] shunning offensive and culturally insensitive 
terms such as “Islamic terrorism.”
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana[17], after the ripples caused in early 2006 by the 
Muhammad cartoons published in Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten, travelled to the 
Middle East and made joint statements with Islamic leaders that “freedom of the press 
entails responsibility and discretion and should respect the beliefs and tenets of all 
religions.” Solana said that he had discussed means to ensure that “religious symbols can 
be protected”. Such steps could materialise through various mechanisms, “and maybe 
inside the new human rights commission created in the UN”, he said. He held talks with 
Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi of Al Azhar University, the highest seat of learning in 
Sunni Islam, and Arab League Secretary-General Amr Moussa. In a meeting with the 
leader of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC), Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, 
Solana said that “I expressed our sincere regret that religious feelings have been 
hurt[18]”, vowing “to reach out… to make sure that people’s hearts and minds are not 
hurt again.” Dutch daily De Telegraaf quoted the Dutch state secretary for European 
Affairs Atzo Nicolai as characterising the appeasing tone used by Mr Solana as “shocking.” 
Only a few years earlier, Mr. Solana, then Secretary General of NATO, in a speech 
stated[19] that “the root cause of conflicts in Europe and beyond can be traced directly 
to the absence of democracy and openness. The absence of the pressure valve of 
democratic discourse can lead these societies to explode into violence.” The irony that he 
himself later was trying to curtail the democratic discourse in Europe through the 
promotion of Islamic censorship and speech codes apparently did not strike him.
Journalist Nidra Poller[20], commenting on the debate prior to the EU Constitution 
referendum in France, noted other incidents of this deliberate, submissive attitude among 
EU leaders towards Muslim demands. “The Euro-Mediterranean “Dialogue” is a 
masterpiece of abject surrender. The European Union functions therein as an 
intermediate stage of an ominous Eurabian project that calls for a meltdown of European 
culture and its recasting in a monumental paradise of cultural relativism… that closely 
resembles the Muslim oumma. Isn’t this a more accurate vision of what the Union is 
preparing for its docile citizens? When subversive appeasement hides behind the veil of 
“Dialogue,” what unspeakable ambitions might be dissembled by the noble word 
“Constitution”?”
Intelligent people have been warning against this development for years. British 
philosopher Roger Scruton, in books such a The West and the Rest: Globalisation and the 
Terrorist Threat[21] and England and the Need for Nations[22], warns that: “We in 
Europe stand at a turning point in our history. Our parliaments and legal systems still 
have territorial sovereignty. They still correspond to historical patterns of settlement that 
have enabled the French, the Germans, the Spaniards, the British and the Italians to say 
‘we’ and to know whom they mean by it. The opportunity remains to recuperate the 
legislative powers and the executive procedures that formed the nation states of Europe. 
At the same time, the process has been set in motion that would expropriate the 
remaining sovereignty of our parliaments and courts, that would annihilate the 
boundaries between our jurisdictions, that would dissolve the nationalities of Europe in a 
historically meaningless collectivity, united neither by language, nor by religion, nor by 
customs, nor by inherited sovereignty and law.” “The case against the nation state has 
not been properly made, and the case for the transnational alternative has not been 
made at all. I believe therefore that we are on the brink of decisions that could prove 
disastrous for Europe and for the world, and that we have only a few years in which to 
take stock of our inheritance and to reassume it.”
Czech President Vaclav Klaus[23], an admirer of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher, 
has said that the EU enlargement with ten new member states, mostly former 
Communist countries in Central and Eastern Europe, “increased the EU’s democratic 
deficit.” He warned that “The EU has continued – at an accelerated speed – to expand the 
number of pages of its legislation which now deals with almost every aspect of human life 
and human activities.” Mr Klaus also stressed that the nation-state “is an unsubstitutable 
guarantor of democracy (opposite to all kinds of ‘Reichs,’ empires and conglomerates of 
states).”
According to Vladimir Bukovksy, “the most likely outcome is that there will be an 
economic collapse in Europe, which in due time is bound to happen with this growth of 
expenses and taxes. The inability to create a competitive environment, the 
overregulation of the economy, the bureaucratisation, it is going to lead to economic 
collapse.” “I have no doubt about it. There will be a collapse of the European Union pretty 
much like the Soviet Union collapsed. But do not forget that when these things collapse 
they leave such devastation that it takes a generation to recover. Just think what will 
happen if it comes to an economic crisis. The recrimination between nations will be huge. 
It might come to blows. Look to the huge number of immigrants from Third World 
countries now living in Europe. This was promoted by the European Union. What will 
happen with them if there is an economic collapse? We will probably have, like in the 
Soviet Union at the end, so much ethnic strife that the mind boggles.” “I think that the 
European Union, like the Soviet Union, cannot be democratised. Gorbachev tried to 
democratise it and it blew up. This kind of structures cannot be democratised.”
Richard North[24] writes that “If, against all the odds, the Constitution does go ahead, it 
would be like locking down the lid on a pressure cooker and sealing off the safety valve. 
The break-up might take a little longer, but it will be explosive when it comes.” In the 
book he co-authored with Christopher Booker, the authors conclude: “Behind the lofty 
ideals of supranationalism in short, evoking an image of Commissoners sitting like Plato’s 
Guardians, guiding the affairs of Europe on some rarefied plane far above the petty 
egotisms and rivalries of mere nation states, the project Monnet had set on its way was a 
vast, ramshackle, self-deluding monster: partly suffocating in its own bureaucracy; partly 
a corrupt racket, providing endless opportunities for individuals and collectives to outwit 
and exploit their fellow men; partly a mighty engine for promoting the national interests 
of those countries who knew how to ‘work the system’, among whom the Irish and the 
Spanish had done better than most, but of whom France was the unrivalled master. The 
one thing above all the project could never be, because by definition it had never been 
intended to be, was in the remotest sense democratic.” They believe this is why the EU is 
doomed and why it will “leave a terrible devastation[25] behind it, a wasteland from 
which it would take many years for the peoples of Europe to emerge.”
I understand concerns that the destruction of the EU could cause “instability” in Europe. 
It will. But we will probably end up with some “instability” anyway, given the number of 
Muslims here that the EUrabians have helped in. Besides, if “stability” means a steady 
course towards Eurabia, I’ll take some instability any day. I can’t see that we have any 
choice. The truth is that Europe has got itself into a bad fix, again, and will have some 
turbulent and painful years and decades ahead regardless of what we do at this point. 
The choice is between some pain where Europe prevails and pain where Europe simply 
ceases to exist as a Western, cultural entity.
Some would hope that we could “reform” the EU, keep the “positive” aspects of it and not 
“throw out the baby with the bath water.” I beg to differ. I was naïve, too, once, and 
thought there were positive aspects to the EU. There aren’t, or not nearly enough to keep 
any of it.
The EU is all bath water, no baby.
Which is why, as Bukovksy says, “the sooner we finish with the EU the better. The sooner 
it collapses the less damage it will have done to us and to other countries. But we have 
to be quick because the Eurocrats are moving very fast. It will be difficult to defeat them. 
Today it is still simple. If one million people march on Brussels today these guys will run 
away to the Bahamas.”
The creation of Eurabia is the greatest act of treason in the history of Western civilisation 
for two thousand years, since the age of Brutus and Judas. In Dante Alighieri’s The Divine 
Comedy, Brutus and Judas Iscariot were placed in the harshest section of Hell, even 
below Muhammad. If Dante were alive today, he’d probably make some room for Valéry 
Giscard d’Estaing and his Eurabian cronies in the Hot Place. The EU elites see themselves 
as Julius Caesar or Octavian, but end up being Brutus. They want to recreate the Roman 
Empire on both sides of the Mediterranean, bound together by some vague references to 
a “shared Greek heritage.” Instead, they are creating a civilisational breakdown across 
much of Western Europe as the barbarians are overrunning the continent. The EU wants 
to recreate the Roman Empire and ends up creating the second fall of Rome.
Eurabia can only be derailed by destroying the organisation that created it in the first 
place: The European Union.
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/why-eu-needs-to-be-destroyed-and-soon.html
1. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Fjordman60527.htm
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/865
3. http://www.free-europe.org/blog/english.php?itemid=303
4. http://euobserver.com/9/21674
5. http://euobserver.com/9/20986
6. http://www.eureferendum.blogspot.com/
7. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/05/another-american-century-or-another.html
8. http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article563177.ece
9. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/main.jhtml?
xml=/opinion/2006/03/20/do2001.xml&sSheet=/opinion/2006/03/20/ixopinion.html
10. http://www.stoptheftaa.org/artman/publish/article_141.shtml
11. http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30200-13399577,00.html
12. http://www.thelocal.se/article.php?ID=1663
13. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/010829.php
14. http://www.eubusiness.com/Social/051123163159.lgj3o885
15. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/05/norwegian-inquisition-sunset-in-land.html
16. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=20045_EU_Ostriches
17. http://www.metimes.com/articles/normal.php?StoryID=20060214-062639-6847r
18. http://euobserver.com/9/20956
19. http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/1998/s981112a.htm
20. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/006392.php
21. http://www.morec.com/scruton/
22. http://www.civitas.org.uk/pubs/Scruton_cs49.php
23. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/893
24. http://www.iht.com/articles/2004/01/15/ednorth_ed3_.php
25. http://www.free-europe.org/blog/english.php?itemid=301
26. http://51.489.-0.140plusf35:OQrekqx638547721565ХБ

