# 2.5 Boycott the United Nations!

> 原文页码: 329-337

2.5 Boycott the United Nations!
By Fjordman
The United Nation’sSecretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned[1] Wilder’s movie Fitna 
as “offensively anti-Islamic,” and said that “There is no justification for hate speech or 
incitement to violence.” Does that mean that the UN is now going to ban the Koran, 
which does both? As Robert Spencer commented, “What exactly is ‘hate speech’ about 
quoting Qur’an verses and then showing Muslim preachers using those verses to exhort 
people to commit acts of violence, as well as violent acts committed by Muslims inspired 
by those verses and others?”
Earlier in March[2], the U.N. Human Rights Council, which is dominated by Muslim 
countries, passed a resolution saying it is deeply concerned about the defamation of 
religions and urging governments to prohibit it. The only religion specified is Islam. The 
document was put forward by the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, the largest 
voting bloc at the UN, sponsored by Saudi money.
I have been saying for a long time that trying to export “democracy” to Islamic countries 
is pointless. Islam can be compatible with “democracy” in the limited sense of voting 
rights and majority rule, but this has never automatically implied individual liberty. (See 
my online booklet Is Islam Compatible With Democracy?[3])
It’s a sick joke that American soldiers are bleeding literally and American taxpayers 
financially to export “democracy” to Iraq while Muslims are exporting Sharia to us. 
Freedom is free speech, that’s the simplest, and maybe the truest, definition of it. 
Muslims are trying to use the UN to limit free speech across the world, which basically 
means putting the entire world under Islamic rule.
My view of the United Nations[4] is quite clear: It is at best irrelevant. At best.
Increasingly, it is turning into an outright enemy, an enemy funded by us but used to 
attack us. I don’t know about anybody else, but I’m goddam tired of sponsoring enemies, 
at home and abroad. I’m all for boycotting the UN and making it truly irrelevant by 
bleeding it dry for funds and ultimately withdrawing from it.
Even if we are in a weak phase, which we are, we are still a civilisation of vastly superior 
resources. Muslims have lots of oil and lots of babies and lots of aggression, but that’s all 
they have. Otherwise, they’re a spectacular failure. We need them for very little. They 
need us for virtually everything. Their greatest flaw is their arrogance. Muslims are 
arrogant losers.
We should exploit that. We should separate ourselves from the Islamic world as much as 
possible. They will suffer far more from this than we will. We can start by boycotting the 
UN, which is now little more than a tool for global sharia, and the Arab Muslims of the 
West Bank and Gaza, who reinvented themselves as “Palestinians” and started whining at 
the UN after the Israelis kicked their collective behinds in 1967.
I notice former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad[5] calls upon Muslims 
worldwide to boycott Dutch products. I’m all for boycotts of and by Muslims. The more, 
the merrier. In case somebody forgot, Mr. Mahathir held the notorious speech at the OIC 
conference in 2003, where he said that the Jews rule the world by proxy and that 
Muslims must unite to achieve a final victory over them. Not everybody remembers that 
he also boasted about the age when”Europeans had to kneel at the feet of Muslim 
scholars in order to access their own scholastic heritage.”
Somebody should remind him that the so-called “golden age” of Islam was a result of a 
still-majority or near-majority non-Muslim population. As soon as that majority declined, 
due to harassment and discrimination, the Islamic world never recovered. Malaysia is 
sometimes portrayed as an economically successful Muslim nation, but that is because it 
only recently became majority Muslim and still has a large Chinese, Indian and other 
non-Muslim minority. Since Islam is becoming more aggressive and Muslims increase 
discrimination of non-Muslims, infidels will leave, and Malaysia will gradually be reduced 
to just another failed sharia state.
We should all be happy if Muslims boycott us. When they feel so unwelcome that they 
stop coming to our countries, we will be making progress.
Recommendations for the West - 1[6]
The best way to deal with the Islamic world is to have as little to do with it as possible. 
We should ban Muslim immigration. This could be done in creative and indirect ways, 
such as banning immigration from nations with citizens known to be engaged in terrorist 
activities. We should remove all Muslim non-citizens currently in the West. We should 
also change our laws to ensure that Muslim citizens who advocate sharia, preach Jihad, 
the inequality of “infidels” and of women should have their citizenship revoked and be 
deported back to their country of origin.
We need to create an environment where the practice of Islam is made difficult. Muslim 
citizens should be forced to either accept our secular ways or leave if they desire sharia. 
Much of this can be done in a non-discriminatory way, by simply refusing to allow special 
pleading to Muslims. Do not allow the Islamic public call to prayer as it is offensive to 
other faiths. All children, boys and girls should take part in all sporting and social 
activities of the school and the community. The veil should be banned in all public 
institutions, thus also contributing to breaking the traditional subjugation of women. 
Companies and public buildings should not be forced to build prayer rooms for Muslims. 
Enact laws to eliminate the abuse of family reunification laws. Do not permit major 
investments by Muslims in Western media or universities.
Right now, Muslims can enjoy the best of both worlds: Following medieval religious laws 
while enjoying the fruits of 21st century civilisation. We need to drive home the utter 
failure of the Islamic model by making sure that Muslims should no longer able to count 
on permanent Western or infidel aid in their overpopulated, self-primitivised states, 
whose very unviability they are prevented from recognising by this constant infusion of 
aid.
I’m advocating isolating the Islamic world, not the West. Even if we cannot allow all non-
Muslims to freely settle in our lands, this does not mean that they have to be our 
enemies. Jihad is being waged against the entire non-Muslim world, not just the West. 
We should stop trying to “win the hearts and minds” of Muslims and start reaching out to 
non-Muslims.
For Europe, the most important thing to do right now is to dismantle the European Union 
in its present form, and regain national control over our borders and our legislation. The 
EU is so deeply flawed as an organisation, and so heavily infiltrated by Eurabian and pro-
Islamic thinking that it simply cannot be reformed. And let’s end the stupid support for 
the Palestinians that the Eurabians have encouraged, and start supporting our cultural 
cousin, Israel.
Why the Future May Not Belong to Islam[7]
Seaborne believes that many people are underestimating the strength of Islam. Perhaps, 
but some observers, including Mark Steyn and Mr. Seaborne himself, may be 
overestimating it. They overlook the fact that Islam has many weaknesses, too. Don’t 
underestimate your enemy. Muslims should be credited for making clever use of our 
weaknesses, but this “we’re all doomed and have already lost” theme is overblown.
We should implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world. I’m not saying that 
containment is all that we will ever need to do, but it is the very minimum that is 
acceptable. Perhaps the spread of nuclear weapons technology, the darkest side of 
globalisation, will trigger a large-scale war with the Islamic world at some point. The only 
way to avoid this is to take steps, including military ones, to deprive Muslims of such 
technology.
We should restrain their ability to hurt us physically. We can’t prevent it completely, but 
we should limit it as much as possible. Muslims try to wear us down through terrorism. 
They should be worn down through mockery and criticism. We should also make clear 
that for every Islamic terror attack we will increase these efforts, which Muslims fear 
more than our weapons. It’s the new balance of terror.
Dr Koenraad Elst, one of Belgium’s best orientalists, thinks “Islam is in decline, despite its 
impressive demographic and military surge” — which according to Dr Elst is merely a 
“last upheaval.” He acknowledges, however, that this decline can take some time (at least 
in terms of the individual human life span) and that it is possible that Islam will succeed 
in becoming the majority religion in Europe before collapsing.
Dalrymple is probably correct when he says that Islam is an “all or nothing” religion 
which cannot be secularised. The future may not belong to Islam, as Mark Steyn 
suggests. It is conceivable that Islam in some generations will cease to be a global force 
of any significance, but in the meantime it will be a constant source of danger to its 
neighbours, from Europe through India to Southeast Asia. The good news is that Islam 
may not be able to achieve the world dominance it desires. The bad news is that it may 
be able to achieve a world war. We can only cage it as much as possible and try to 
prevent this from happening.
Farewell to the United Nations?[8]
Historian David Littman is a representative to the United Nations (Geneva) of the 
Association for World Education. He has spent years tracking the rise of Islamic influence 
at the UN. According to him, “In recent years, representatives of some Muslim states 
have demanded, and often received, special treatment at the United Nations.” “As a 
result, non-diplomatic terms such as ‘blasphemy’ and ‘defamation of Islam’ have seeped 
into the United Nations system, leading to a situation in which non-Muslim governments 
accept certain rules of conduct in conformity with Islamic law (the Shari’a) and acquiesce 
to a self-imposed silence regarding topics touching on Islam.”
I do not have all the answers to how such a post-UN world will be like. The most 
important principle at this point is to isolate and contain the Islamic world. We simply 
cannot allow our enemies to have direct influence over our policies, which they partly do 
have through the UN. Is it unrealistic to talk about the collapse of the EU and the UN? I 
don’t know. The UN was created in the aftermath of WW2. It survived the Cold War, but 
now we are rapidly entering into a new world war. My bet is that we will see huge 
changes in world affairs in the near future, at least as large as those which laid the 
foundations for the UN to begin with. Whatever usefulness the UN may have had was lost 
decades ago. It is today of little use to us, but of significant use to our enemies. The time 
has come to say farewell to the United Nations.
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/03/boycott-united-nations.html
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020483.php
2. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/020474.php
3. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/04/is-islam-compatible-with-democracy.html
4. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1224
5. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/020490.php
6. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/10/recommendations-for-west.html
7. http://www.globalpolitician.com/22560-islam
8. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1224
Recommendations for the West - 2
By Fjordman
The West at the beginning of the 21st century suffers from a lack of cultural confidence, 
and is in some ways engaged in an internal struggle over the very meaning of Western 
civilisation. This ideological “war within the West” has helped paved the way for the 
physical “war against the West” that is waged by Muslim Jihadists, who quite correctly 
view our creed of multiculturalism and our acceptance of Muslim immigration as signs of 
weakness and that the West has lost contact with its civilisational roots.
Perhaps we will need to resolve the war within the West before we can win the war 
against the West. When Westerners such as Polish king Jan III Sobieski led their troops 
to victory over the Turks in the 1683 Battle of Vienna, they fought for a number of 
reasons: Their country, their culture and their religion, among other things. People don’t 
just need to live, they need something to live for, and fight for. We are against Islam. 
What are we for?
I would suggest that one thing we should fight for is national sovereignty and the right to 
preserve our own culture and pass it on to future generations. We are fighting for the 
right to define our own laws and national policies, not to be held hostage by Leftist 
Utopians, unaccountable NGOs, transnational progressives or self-appointed guardians of 
the truth.
Multiculturalism is wrong because not all cultures are equal. However, it is also 
championed by groups with a hidden agenda. Multiculturalism serves as a tool for ruling 
elites to fool people, to keep them from knowing that they have lost, or deliberately 
vacated, control over national borders. Leftists who dislike Western civilisation use 
multiculturalism to undermine it, a hate ideology disguised as tolerance. Multiculturalism 
equals the unilateral destruction of Western culture, the only unilateral action the West is 
allowed to take, according to some.
There are also some libertarian right-wingers and Big Business supporters who see man 
only as the sum of his economic functions, as cheap labour and consumers, homo 
economicus. They believe not only in free markets but in free migration, and tend to 
downplay the impact of culture. They are Islam’s useful idiots in the fight against the 
West.
Although Leftists tend to be more aggressive, perhaps the dividing line in the internal 
struggle in the West is less between Left and Right, and more between those who value 
national sovereignty and Western culture and those who do not. End the nonsense of 
“celebrating our differences.” We should be celebrating our sameness and what binds us 
together. We should clean up our history books and school curricula, which have been 
infected with anti-Western sentiments.
Upholding national borders has become more important in the age of globalisation, 
terrorism and mass-migration, not less. No nation regardless of political system can 
survive the loss of its territorial integrity, but democratic states especially so. Those who 
don’t want to uphold national borders are actually tearing down the very foundations of 
our democratic system, which is based on nation states. The fight for national 
sovereignty is thus the fight for democracy itself, since nobody has so far made any 
convincing model of a supranational democracy.
We now have a political class who spend much of their time travelling around the world. 
They no longer feel as attached to the people they are supposed to represent as they did 
in the past. This is perhaps inevitable, but it feeds a growing sense of detachment 
between ordinary people and their supposed leaders. We need to remind our political 
leaders that we pay national taxes because they are supposed to uphold our national 
borders. If they can’t do so, the social contract is breached, and we should no longer be 
required to pay our taxes. National taxes, national borders could become a new rallying 
cry.
The West is declining as a percentage of world population, and in danger of being 
overwhelmed by immigration from poorer countries with booming populations. 
Westerners need to adjust our self-image to being less dominant in the 21st century. As 
such, we also need to ditch Messianic altruism: The West must first of all save itself. We 
have no obligation to “save” the Islamic world, and do not have the financial strength nor 
the demographic numbers to do so even if we wanted to. We are not all-powerful and are 
not in the position to help all of the Third World out of poverty, certainly not by allowing 
all of them to move here.
We should take a break from massive immigration, also non-Muslim immigration, for at 
least a generation, in order to absorb and assimilate the persons we already have in our 
countries. The West is becoming so overwhelmed by immigration that this may trigger 
civil wars in several Western nations in the near future. We already have massive Third 
World ghettos in our major cities. Future immigration needs to be more strictly controlled 
and ONLY non-Muslim.
This immigration break should be used to demonstrate clearly that the West will no 
longer serve as the dumping ground for excess population growth in other countries. We 
have cultures and countries that we’d like to preserve, too, and cannot and should not be 
expected to accept unlimited number of migrants from other countries. But above all, the 
West, and indeed the non-Muslim world, should make our countries Islam-unfriendly and 
implement a policy of containment of Dar al-Islam. This is the most civilised thing we can 
do in order to save ourselves, but also to limit the loss of life among both Muslims and 
non-Muslims.
The best way to deal with the Islamic world is to have as little to do with it as possible. 
We should ban Muslim immigration. This could be done in creative and indirect ways, 
such as banning immigration from nations with citizens known to be engaged in terrorist 
activities. We should remove all Muslim non-citizens currently in the West. We should 
also change our laws to ensure that Muslim citizens who advocate sharia, preach Jihad, 
the inequality of “infidels” and of women should have their citizenship revoked and be 
deported back to their country of origin.
We need to create an environment where the practice of Islam is made difficult. Muslim 
citizens should be forced to either accept our secular ways or leave if they desire sharia. 
Much of this can be done in a non-discriminatory way, by simply refusing to allow special 
pleading to Muslims. Do not allow the Islamic public call to prayer as it is offensive to 
other faiths. All children, boys and girls should take part in all sporting and social 
activities of the school and the community. The veil should be banned in all public 
institutions, thus also contributing to breaking the traditional subjugation of women. 
Companies and public buildings should not be forced to build prayer rooms for Muslims. 
Enact laws to eliminate the abuse of family reunification laws. Do not permit major 
investments by Muslims in Western media or universities.
As columnist Diana West of the Washington Times points out, we should shift from a pro-
democracy offensive to an anti-sharia defensive. Calling this the War on Terror was a 
mistake. Baron Bodissey of the Gates of Vienna blog suggests the slogan “Take Back the 
Culture,” thus focusing on our internal struggle for Western culture. Another possibility is 
“War against Apartheid.” Given sharia’s inequality between men and women, Muslims and 
non-Muslims, it is de facto a religious apartheid system. Calling this struggle a self-
defence against apartheid would make it more difficult for Western Leftists to dismiss it.
People should be educated about the realities of Jihad and sharia. Educating non-Muslims 
about Islam is probably more important than educating Muslims, but we should do both. 
Authorities or groups of dedicated individuals should engage in efforts to explain the real 
nature of Islam, emphasising the division that Islam teaches between Believer and 
Infidel, the permanent state of war between Dar al-Islam and Dar al-Harb and the uses 
of taqiyya and kitman as religious deception.
As Hugh Fitzgerald of Jihad Watch says, we should explain why Islam encourages 
despotism (because allegiance is owed the ruler as long as he is a Muslim), economic 
paralysis, intellectual failure (the cult of authority, the hostility to free and skeptical 
inquiry) in Islamic countries. Let Muslims themselves begin slowly to understand that all 
of their political, economic, social, intellectual, and moral failures are a result of Islamic 
teachings.
Fitzgerald also suggests exploiting the many fissures within the Islamic world: Divide and 
conquer. Divide and demoralise. Islam has universalist claims but it talks about Arabs as 
the “best of peoples,” and has been a vehicle for Arab supremacy, to promote Arab 
conquest of wealthier non-Arab populations. In addition to divisions between Arabs and 
non-Arab Muslims, we have the sectarian divide between Shias and Sunnis, and the 
economic division between the fabulously rich oil-and-natural-gas Arab states and the 
poor Muslim countries.
Both the sectarian and economic divisions within Islam are best exploited by Infidels 
doing nothing. If the Western world stops giving Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, and the 
Palestinians “aid,” which has in reality become a disguised form of Jizyah, this will clear 
the psychological air. And it will force the poorer Arabs and other Muslims to go to the 
rich Arabs for support.
Right now, Muslims can enjoy the best of both worlds: Following medieval religious laws 
while enjoying the fruits of 21st century civilisation. We need to drive home the utter 
failure of the Islamic model by making sure that Muslims should no longer able to count 
on permanent Western or infidel aid in their overpopulated, self-primitivised states, 
whose very unviability they are prevented from recognising by this constant infusion of 
aid.
We also need to deprive Arabs and Muslims as much as possible of Western Jizya in other 
forms, which means ending foreign aid, but also institute a Manhattan Project for 
alternative sources of energy, in order to become independent of Arab oil.
And as Mr. Fitzgerald asks: “What would the rich Arabs do if the Western world decided to 
seize their property in the West as the assets of enemy aliens, just as was done to the 
property owned not only by the German government, but by individual Germans, during 
World War II? And what would they do if they were to be permanently deprived of easy 
access to Western medical care?”
We also need to reject the “You turn into what you fight” argument. The British, the 
Americans and the Canadians didn’t become Nazis while fighting Nazi Germany, did they? 
The truth is, we will become like Muslims if we don’t fight them and keep them out of our 
countries, since they will subdue us and Islamise us by force. The West isn’t feared 
because we are “oppressors,” we are despised because we are perceived as being 
decadent and weak.
Yes, we should implement a policy of containment of the Islamic world, but for this to 
work we will sometimes have to take military action to crush Arab pretensions to 
grandeur. The Buddhists of Central Asia undoubtedly held the “moral high ground” in 
relations to Muslims. They are all dead now. At the very least, we must be prepared to 
back up our ideological defences with force on certain occasions. Holding a higher moral 
standard isn’t going to defeat an Iranian President with nukes, threatening another 
Holocaust.
Writer Raymond Kraft explains Western softness very well: The Islamic movement “has 
turned the civility of the United States and Europe into a weapon and turned it against 
us. It has weaponised niceness, it has weaponised compassion, it has weaponised the 
fundamental decency of Western Civilisation. We have become too civilised to defeat our 
enemies, perhaps too civilised to survive.”
Kraft thinks we are naïve in believing that the deeds of Hezbollah, Hamas, Al Qaeda, the 
whole Islamic Jihad, are done by a bunch of “non-state actors.” In real life they’re agents 
of nation states (Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia, sometimes Russia or China) who want to 
weaken the West by a proxy war.
The Chinese and the Russians do not want to fight an open war with the Americans, but 
they would be hugely pleased to see the United States cut down to size a bit, until it is 
about as much a threat to anybody as the European Union is now, “so the Chinese and 
Russians can run the global show as they see fit, ration the oil, and pocket the profits.”
There is, however, a big difference: The Islamic world always has been our enemy and 
always will be. China and Russia do not have to be our enemies, although our relations 
will be complicated because of their size and their own Great Power ambitions. We can, 
at best, persuade them that directly opposing us isn’t going to pay off.
I have heard several objections to the containment option. Some claim that it is too 
harsh and thus won’t be implemented; others say that it is insufficient and won’t work in 
the long run.
It’s true that in the current political situation, expulsion of sharia-sponsoring Muslims 
isn’t going to happen. But the current political situation isn’t going to last.
We will get civil wars in several Western countries because of this immigration, and given 
the increasing clashes with Muslim immigrants in France, in England and in other 
countries one could argue that we are seeing early signs of this already now. This will 
finally demonstrate how serious the situation is, and force other Western nations to ban 
Muslim immigration and pressure Muslim citizens to assimilate or leave.
I have heard comments that it isn’t practically doable to contain the Islamic world behind 
some artificial Maginot Line. When the Mongols could simply go around the Great Wall of 
China during the Middle Ages, it will be impossible to contain anybody in the 21st century 
with modern communication technology.
I understand this objection. No, it won’t be easy, but we have to at least try. 
Containment is the very minimum that is acceptable. Perhaps the spread of nuclear 
technology will indeed trigger a large-scale war with the Islamic world at some point. The 
only way to avoid this is to take steps, including military ones, to deprive Muslims of such 
technology. The Jihad is being waged with military, political, demographic and diplomatic 
means. The defence against Jihad has to be equally diverse.
I have also been criticised because my talk about containment and the need to limit even 
non-Muslim immigration smacks of the siege mentality of a friendless West. First of all, 
the policy of stricter immigration control isn’t based on isolationism, it’s based on 
realism. We’re in the middle of the largest population boom and the largest migration 
waves in human history. The simple fact is that far more people want to live in the West 
than we can possibly let in.
Technological globalisation has made it easier for people to travel to other countries, but 
also easier for them to stay in touch with their original homeland as if they never left. We 
have to deal with this fact by slowing the immigration rates to assimilation levels, or our 
societies, and certainly our democratic system, will slowly break down.
Moreover, I’m advocating isolating the Islamic world, not the West. Even if we cannot 
allow all non-Muslims to freely settle in our lands, this does not mean that they have to 
be our enemies. Jihad is being waged against the entire non-Muslim world, not just the 
West. We should stop trying to “win the hearts and minds” of Muslims and start reaching 
out to non-Muslims.
The United Nations is heavily infiltrated by Islamic groups. We should starve it for funds 
and ridicule it at any given opportunity. As an alternative to the UN, we could create an 
organisation where only democratic states could become members. Another possibility is 
an expansion of NATO. The most important principle at this point is to contain the Islamic 
world. We simply cannot allow our enemies to have influence over our policies, which 
they partly do through the UN.
What the West should do is to enter into strategic alliances with non-Western states that 
share some of our political ideals and goals. This includes non-Muslim nations such as 
Japan and India, perhaps also Thailand, the Philippines and others. We will, however, still 
need some understanding with Russia and China and some mechanism for consultations 
with both. Perhaps, instead of any new and formalised organisation, the most influential 
countries will simply form ad hoc alliances to deal with issues as they arise.
The situation in the Old West in Europe is right now more serious than in the New West, 
the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
For Europe, the most important thing to do right now is to dismantle the European Union 
in its present form, and regain national control over our borders and our legislation. The 
EU is so deeply flawed as an organisation, and so heavily infiltrated by Eurabian and pro-
Islamic thinking that it simply cannot be reformed. And let’s end the stupid support for 
the Palestinians that the Eurabians have encouraged, and start supporting our cultural 
cousin, Israel.
Europeans also need to ditch the welfare state, which is probably doomed anyway. The 
welfare state wasn’t all bad, but the welfare state economies cannot compete in a world 
of billions of capitalists in low-cost countries. Besides, the welfare state creates a false 
sense of security in a dog-eat-dog world, and it breeds a passivity that is very dangerous 
in the fight against Jihad. It may also indirectly contribute to the low birth rates in many 
European countries.
We should use the money instead to strengthen our border controls and rebuild credible 
militaries. Western Europeans have lived under Pax Americana for so long that we have 
forgotten how to defend ourselves. This needs to change, and soon.
Europeans should adopt legislation similar to the First Amendment in the American 
Constitution, securing the right to free speech. The reason why European authorities are 
becoming increasingly totalitarian in their censorship efforts is to conceal the fact that 
they are no longer willing or able to uphold even the most basic security of their citizenry, 
far less our national borders. Europe needs free speech more than ever.
We need to strike a balance between defeatism and denial. Yes, the situation in Europe is 
now very serious, but it is not totally lost. Not yet. The Danish Cartoon Jihad has 
demonstrated that their Islamic arrogance encourages Muslims to become too 
aggressive, too early, and thus overplay their hand. Our main problem is ourselves. 
Europe’s elites have lost contact with the people, and the people have lost contact with 
reality. Western Europe is now a collection of several layers of different Utopias: 
multiculturalism, welfarism, radical feminism and transnationalism that will all soon come 
crashing down. The important question is how we’re going to deal with this.
Yes, we have been betrayed by our own leaders, but that’s still only part of the problem. 
People tend to get the governments they deserve. Maybe we get weak leaders because 
we are weak, or because they can exploit weaknesses in our mentality to get us where 
they want to; above all anti-Americanism, anti-Semitism, our excessive desire for 
consensus and suppression of dissent, the anti-individualistic legacy from Socialism and 
the passivity bred by welfare state bureaucracy. Muslims are stuck with their problems 
and their corrupt leaders and blame everybody else for their own failures because they 
can never admit they are caused by deep flaws in their culture. We shouldn’t make the 
same mistake. Europeans export wine; Arabs export whine. That’s the way it should be.
It is highly likely that the coming generation will determine whether Europe will continue 
to exist as a Western cultural entity. However, just as Islam isn’t the cause of Europe’s 
weakness but rather a secondary infection, it is conceivable that the Islamic threat could 
have the unforeseen and ironic effect of saving Europe from herself. Europe will bleed but 
she won’t die.
As the quote goes in the Hollywood classic “The Third Man”:
”…in Italy for 30 years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, 
but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland 
they had brotherly love — they had 500 years of democracy and peace, and what did that 
produce? The cuckoo clock.”
Some would say that’s a tad unfair to the Swiss. Switzerland has been at the forefront of 
many technological developments for a long time, and we could probably learn from their 
example with frequent referendums and direct democracy. But it’s true that European 
renewals can be messy stuff.
Muslims always claim that Islamic influences triggered the Renaissance. That’s not true. 
But maybe it will be this time. Perhaps this life-and-death struggle with Islam is precisely 
the slap in the face that we need to regroup and revitalise our civilisation. Is there still 
enough strength left in Europe to repel an Islamic invasion once more? If so, Muslims 
could indeed be responsible for triggering a Western Renaissance, the Second 
Renaissance.

