# 2.6 The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg is a cultural Marxist controlled political entity

> 原文页码: 338-338

It remains to be seen whether this will actually happen, or whether it is wishful thinking. 
Europe will unfortunately experience some warfare either way. Will this produce a 
Michelangelo or a Muhammad? Only time will tell.
Source:
http://www.globalpolitician.com/22568-west
2.6 The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg is a cultural 
Marxist controlled political entity
The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg is an international judicial 
body established in 1950 to monitor respect of human rights by states.
This court has however to a larger degree developed into an unrecognizable beast whose 
main task is to deconstruct European traditions, culture and identity because it is 
considered offensive towards all non-Europeans and especially Muslims. Since we still 
want to preserve our culture and heritage I see no other alternative than to reform 
(limiting the current mandate considerably, or replace the cultural Marxist judges with 
cultural conservative ones) or completely eliminate the court altogether. Until this is done 
it should not apply in any way or form. The court rulings and principles are very often 
“ordered” by cultural Marxists to either be used against cultural conservatives directly or 
to systematically and gradually destroy European culture, traditions, our identities and to 
limit the sovereignty of nation states. 
One example is the crucifix case in Italy in 2009. They ordered all crosses to be removed 
from all public class rooms because the ECtHR had concluded that the cross was an 
offensive symbol. But suddenly they meet resistance. An overwhelming majority in Italy 
opposed this ruling. Instead, many leaders ordered more crosses to be distributed and 
placed on government offices. Not because they had suddenly become more religious but 
because the cross is the most important cultural and historical symbol. The cross is 
Europe.
What this case and similar cases show is that the ECtHR have become an institution 
designed to protect and serve the foundations of European political correctness/cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalism. The ECtHR in Strasbourg is therefore a racist and genocidal 
political entity that only serves to create and offer ideological justification to given 
multicultural doctrines under camouflage of being “humanistic”. It is no more than a tool, 
an ideological sledge hammer used by cultural Marxists.
As of now the ECtHR in Strasbourg propagates multiculturalism and the deconstruction of 
European cultures and identities. It is therefore an anti-European political hate-entity 
that seeks to undermine the very people who created it. The ECtHR in Strasbourg must 
be reformed. Until it is, it should be considered as a hostile political entity propagating 
cultural Marxism.

