# 1.1 Historical revisionism (negationism)

> 原文页码: 38-43

1. What you need to know, our falsified history and other 
forms of cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
propaganda (Book 1)
History, Marxism and Islam – What your government, the 
academia and the media are hiding from you. Revisionism based 
on appeasement and anti-European thinking.
“Who controls the present, controls the past.”
George Orwell
1.1 Historical revisionism (negationism)
Historical revisionism is the attempt to change commonly held ideas about the past[1]. 
Negationism is the denial of historic crimes. 
From; Islam and the West, Bernard Lewis:
We live in a time when great efforts have been made, and continue to be made, to falsify 
the record of the past and to make history a tool of propaganda; when governments, 
religious movements, political parties, and sectional groups of every kind are busy rewriting 
history as they would wish it to have been, as they would like their followers to believe that 
it was. All this is very dangerous indeed, to ourselves and to others, however we may 
define otherness -- dangerous to our common humanity. Because, make no mistake, those 
who are unwilling to confront the past will be unable to understand the present and unfit to 
face the future.
Ironically though, this harsh criticism of state sanctioned 
revisionism comes from an Armenian Genocide denier who has 
downplayed the brutality of the Ottoman Empire considerably. 
However, Lewis is seen as a moderate Orientalist frequently 
sought by many mainstream policy makers including the current 
Bush administration. 
Given the ignorance with which it is treated, the history of the 
last 1400 year Islamic Jihad against non-Muslims and Europe 
comprises one of the most radical forms of historical 
negationism. The First chapter of this book is therefore 
dedicated in memory of this ongoing Jihad. We must strive to 
combat and reverse state sanctioned falsification process by 
preparing for the time when the true history of Islam will be re-
introduced. When our current European regimes fall (and our 
current systems based on multiculturalism will collapse) within the next 150 years it will 
allow us to once again re-introduce and make  use of the true history of Islam, including: 
Islamic history, Islamic jurisprudence, and true descriptions of Jihad, Dhimmitude and 
other falsified aspects of Islam. The essential aim of this is to prevent historical amnesia 
by preserving this true uncensored history. 
Since the creation of Islam in the 7th century and to up to this day, the Islamic Jihad has 
systematically killed more than 300 million non Muslims and tortured and enslaved more 
than 500 million individuals. Since 9/11 2001, more than 12 000 Jihadi terrorist attacks 
have occurred around the world which have led to the death of one or more non-Muslims 
[2] per attack. In other words; there are around 150 deadly Jihadi attacks per month 
around the world. This trend will continue as long as there are non-Muslim targets 
available and as long as Islam continues to exist. 
I must admit, when I first started the study on Islamic history and Islamic atrocities 
more than 3 years ago I really had my doubts about the “politically correct” information 
available. I started to scratch the surface and I was shocked as I uncovered the vast 
amount of “ugly, unknown” truths concerning Islamic atrocities. There is a common 
misconception regarding Islam and Christianity. A lot of people believe today that 
Christianity still is and was as evil as Islam?! I can attest to the fact that this is 
absolutely incorrect. Jihadi motivated killings, torture and enslavement count for more 
than 10 times as Christian motivated killings. However, the politically correct Western 
establishments want us to think otherwise. 
The essence of multiculturalism is that all cultures and religions are “equal”. In this 
context our Western governments launched a great “campaign of deception” against their 
own people with the goal of creating a falsified version of the Islamic and European 
Civilisation, in order to make them equal. According to them, this is needed in order to 
successfully implement multiculturalism. Islamists, Arab Nationalists and Marxist 
theorists have been at the forefront of falsifying our history since WW2. Especially 
Edward Said's book Orientalism published in 1978, have been the driving force in this 
process. 
In the past, Europe has had a stereotypical view of Islam just as Islam has had a 
stereotypical view of us - and these views are largely hostile. For century after century 
Islam was an enormous threat to what might loosely be called Christendom. It shaped 
every aspect of European history and was directly responsible for Europe’s colonial 
empires. Up till around 1750 they were a dangerous and direct competitor to our 
interests. Gibbon writing in the 1780s was the first to think that the danger had passed. 
On a local scale the threat lasted even longer. Barbary pirates ravaged the coast of 
England up till the 1830s carting off coastal villages into slavery and at even later dates 
on the west coast of Ireland and Iceland. And this was at the height of the British 
Empire. More than 1,5 million Europeans have been enslaved since the first Jihadi 
invasion of Andalusia, most of which were brought to North Africa.
Encyclopedia Britannica
Fact: Encyclopedia Britannica was first published in 1768. The contributors often came from 
other countries and included some of the world's most respected authorities in their fields.
Western state sanctioned negationism or “politically motivated historical revisionism” on 
the subject of Islam started for the first time in Great Britain in the late 19th century. The 
process was politically motivated with the goal of creating a good foundation for British-
Muslim cooperation and trade. 
During the Russo-Turkish War[3], Russia succeeded in defeating the Islamic Ottoman 
Empire. In 1878, after the “Congress of Berlin[4]”, Disraeli-Great Britain decided to strike 
a deal with the Ottomans promising to protect them militarily from Russia for “thirty 
pieces of silver” which in this case was Cyprus. In order to improve British-Ottoman 
relationships it was decided to introduce a wide scale revision of Encyclopedia Britannica 
(10th edition and onward) and other source materials which up to then had described 
Islam, Muslims and Islamic practices as “evil”. This was the beginning of the official 
European historical falsification process.
To understand this we need to study British-Russian relations:
The super power of the 19th century, Great Britain, waged a "territorial war" with the 
other potential super power: Russia. Where interests of the two crossed was - Balkans 
(then under Turkish occupation).
It would be most natural that Russia should have the influence in the area. Most of the 
subdued Balkan nations (Serbs, Greeks, Rumanians, and Bulgarians) are Eastern 
Orthodox - like Russians. That did not fit British interests. That is how Britain allied itself 
with Turkey and invented the myth of the Muslim tolerance.
When Turks cut throats, raped women and stole children of Balkan Christians - it was OK 
for the Brits - it was an expression of tolerance... As long as Russians did not get 
influence in the Balkans.
Examples of falsification and apologist rhetoric include:
•
Exaggerated claims of Muslim cultural and scientific contributions. 
•
The Ottoman Empire was tolerant.
•
The, “Jewish experience” in the Ottoman Empire “...was a calm, peaceful, and a fruitful 
one..”.
•
Balkan Christian boys could acquire great social advancement through “recruitment” into 
the Ottoman devshirme system.
•
The Armenian Genocide never happened. It was rather a struggle between two peoples for 
the possession of a single homeland.
•
Muslim Andalusia (Moorish Spain) is often pointed out by Muslim apologists as a kind of 
multicultural wonderland, in which Jews and Christians were permitted by the Islamic 
government to rise through the ranks of learning and government administration.
•
Jihad means personal struggle
•
Islam is a religion of peace
•
Christianity and Islam are equal in terms of historic atrocities
•
Maronite Christians (Lebanese Christians) falsely claim to be victims.
Examples of systematic deletion/ignoration of important issues
The Western European governments have sanctioned deleting and ignoring large chunks 
of our history, including censorships of school curriculum’s on the following fields: 
•
Hindu Kush, the largest Genocide in the history of man
•
Armenian Genocides
•
Greek Genocides
•
Assyrian Genocides
•
Coptic Genocides
•
The past Jihads, torture and enslavement of Christians and other non-Muslim peoples in 
the Middle East and Asia
•
The ongoing Jihads, torture and enslavement of Christian and other non-Muslim peoples or 
individuals in the Middle East and Asia
•
Jus Primae Noctis - Officially sanctioned rape under the Ottoman Empire
•
The West’s unwillingness to prevent or defend Christian Lebanon against Jihadi invasions by 
the Global Islamic Ummah (among them many Muslim countries including Iran, Syria, 
Egypt, Jordan). This Jihad eventually lead to the fall of the Christian state of Lebanon. In 
1911 there were 80% Christians in Lebanon, today there are less than 25% left, a minority 
who are still being persecuted)
•
What the Crusades Were Really Like
•
European Slaves, Arab Masters – more than 1,5 million Europeans were enslaved
Examples of anti Western propaganda in our school curriculums
•
Falsified information about the Crusades (it was a defensive campaign not offensive)
•
Western colonial history (anti Western bias, this (primarily financial exploitation) was 
nothing compared to the 1400 years of Islamic Jihad which resulted in countless genocides 
of more than 300 million people, and the enslavement and forceful conversion of more than 
300 million)
The above information serves as reminder why Muslim apologists and the European state 
falsification process has to be fought and defeated. 
Unfortunately for us, more than 95% of today’s Journalists, editors, publishers are pro-
Eurabians (support European multiculturalism). The same goes for 85% of Western 
European politicians and more than 90% of EU parliamentarians. 
Also, we shouldn’t forget that it’s the EU [5] that is the driving force behind European 
revisionism on Islam in Europe. 
From The Eurabia Code: 
Euro-Arab Dialogue Symposia conducted in Venice (1977) and Hamburg (1983) included 
recommendations that have been successfully implemented…
4. The necessity of cooperation between European and Arab specialists in order to present 
a positive picture of Arab-Islamic civilisation and contemporary Arab issues to the educated 
public in Europe. 
The Euro-Arab Dialogue (EAD) is a political, economic and cultural institution designed to 
ensure perfect cohesion between Europeans and Arabs. Its structure was set up at 
conferences in Copenhagen (15 December 1973), and Paris (31 July 1974). The principal 
agent of this policy is the European Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, 
founded in 1974. The other principal organs of The Dialogue are the MEDEA Institute and 
the European Institute of Research on Mediterranean and Euro-Arab Cooperation, created in 
1995 with the backing of the European Commission. 
In an interview with Jamie Glazov of Frontpage Magazine, Ye'or explained how "in domestic 
policy, the EAD established a close cooperation between the Arab and European media 
television, radio, journalists, publishing houses, academia, cultural centers, school 
textbooks, student and youth associations, tourism. Church interfaith dialogues were 
determinant in the development of this policy. Eurabia is therefore this strong Euro-Arab 
network of associations - a comprehensive symbiosis with cooperation and partnership on 
policy, economy, demography and culture." 
Eurabia's driving force, the Parliamentary Association for Euro-Arab Cooperation, was 
created in Paris in 1974. It now has over six hundred members - from all major European 
political parties - active in their own national parliaments, as well as in the European 
parliament. France continues to be the key protagonist of this association. 
One of the documents Bat Ye'or was kind enough to send me (which she mentions in the 
French version of her book about Eurabia but not in the English version) is the Common 
Strategy of the European Council - Vision of the EU for the Mediterranean Region, from 
June 19th 2000. 
It includes many recommendations, such as: 
"to elaborate partnership-building measures, notably by promoting regular consultations and 
exchanges of information with its Mediterranean partners, support the interconnection of 
infrastructure between Mediterranean partners, and between them and the EU, take all 
necessary measures to facilitate and encourage the involvement of civil society as well as the 
further development of human exchanges between the EU and the Mediterranean partners. 
NGOs will be encouraged to participate in cooperation at bilateral and regional levels. 
Particular attention will be paid to the media and universities [my emphasis]." 
The Strategy also wants to "pursue, in order to fight intolerance, racism and xenophobia, 
the dialogue between cultures and civilisations."
The Algiers Declaration [11] for a Shared Vision of the Future was made after a Congress 
held in Algeria in February 2006. The document states that: "It is essential to create a 
Euro-Mediterranean entity founded on Universal Values" and that "It is crucial to positively 
emphasise all common cultural heritage, even if marginalised or forgotten." A Common 
Action Plan draws up a large number of recommendations on how to achieve this new Euro-
Mediterranean entity. Among these recommendations are: 
•
Adapt existing organisations and the contents of media to the objectives of the North- South 
dialogue, and set up a Euro-Mediterranean journalism centre 
•
Set up a network jointly managed by the Mediterranean partners in order to develop "a 
harmonised education system" [A "harmonised education system" between the Arab world and 
Europe? What does that include? Do I want to know? Will they tell us before it is a fait accompli?] 
These agreements, completely rewriting European history books to make them more Islam-
friendly and gradually silencing "Islamophobia" as racism, are being implemented even 
now. 
In June 2005 in Rabat [14], Morocco, a conference was held on "Fostering Dialogue among 
Cultures and Civilisations." The Conference was jointly organised by UNESCO, the Islamic 
Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (ISESCO), the Organisation of the Islamic 
Conference (OIC), the Arab League Educational, Cultural and Scientific Organisation 
(ALECSO), the Danish Centre for Culture and Development (DCCD) and the Anna Lindh 
Euro-Mediterranean Foundation for the Dialogue between Cultures (Alexandria, Egypt). 
Among the recommendations that were raised by Mr. Olaf Gerlach Hansen, Director General 
of the DCCD: "We are interested in new actions in the media, in culture and in education. 
These proposals include: 
- Concrete initiatives to develop "intercultural competencies" in the training of new 
generations of journalists - Concrete initiatives for links and exchanges between journalists, 
editors, media-institutions, which encourage intercultural co-operation" - Concrete initiatives 
for curriculum development through new educational materials and revision of existing 
textbooks. 
Although not stated directly, one may reasonably assume that among the "negative 
stereotypes" to be removed from the textbooks used to teach history to European 
schoolchildren are any and all references to the 1300 years of continuous Jihad warfare 
against Europe. These recommendations were accepted and incorporated into The Rabat 
Commitment. 
The ECRI called on the EU member states to adopt measures that would effectively outlaw 
any serious debate about Islam and introduce pro-Muslim "affirmative action." European 
countries should: 
•
Modify curricula to prevent "distorted interpretations of religious and cultural history" and 
"portrayal of Islam on perceptions of hostility and menace"; 
•
Encourage debate in the media on the image which they convey of Islam and on their 
responsibility to avoid perpetuating prejudice and bias.

