# 1.10 Additional info - Hindu Kush

> 原文页码: 136-136

1.10 Additional info - Hindu Kush
The Muslim conquests, down to the 16th century, were for the Hindus a pure struggle of 
life and death. Entire cities were burnt down and the populations massacred, with 
hundreds of thousands killed in every campaign, and similar numbers deported as slaves. 
Every new invader made (often literally) his hills of Hindus skulls. Thus, the conquest of 
Afghanistan in the year 1000 was followed by the annihilation of the Hindu population; 
the region is still called the Hindu Kush, i.e. Hindu slaughter.
The Bahmani sultans (1347-1480) in central India made it a rule to kill 100,000 captives 
in a single day, and many more on other occasions. The conquest of the Vijayanagar 
Empire in 1564 left the capital plus large areas of Karnataka depopulated. And so on. 
As a contribution to research on the quantity of the Islamic crimes against humanity, we 
may mention Prof. K.S. Lal's estimates about the population figures in medieval India 
(Growth of Muslim Population in India). According to his calculations, the Indian 
(subcontinent) population decreased by 80 million between 1000 (conquest of 
Afghanistan) and 1525 (end of Delhi Sultanate).
But the Indian Pagans were far too numerous and never fully surrendered. What some 
call the Muslim period in Indian history, was in reality a continuous war of occupiers 
against resisters, in which the Muslim rulers were finally defeated in the 18th century. 
Against these rebellious Pagans the Muslim rulers preferred to avoid total confrontation, 
and to accept the compromise which the (in India dominant) Hanifite school of Islamic 
law made possible. Alone among the four Islamic law schools, the school of Hanifa gave 
Muslim rulers the right not to offer the Pagans the sole choice between death and 
conversion, but to allow them toleration as zimmis (protected ones) living under 20 
humiliating conditions, and to collect the jizya (toleration tax) from them. Normally the 
zimmi status was only open to Jews and Christians (and even that concession was 
condemned by jurists of the Hanbalite school like lbn Taymiya), which explains why these 
communities have survived in Muslim countries while most other religions have not. On 
these conditions some of the higher Hindu castes could be found willing to collaborate, so 
that a more or less stable polity could be set up. Even then, the collaboration of the 
Rajputs with the Moghul rulers, or of the Kayasthas with the Nawab dynasty, one became 
a smooth arrangement when enlightened rulers like Akbar (whom orthodox Muslims 
consider an apostate) cancelled these humiliating conditions and the jizya tax. 
It is because of Hanifite law that many Muslim rulers in India considered themselves 
exempted from the duty to continue the genocide on the Hindus (self-exemption for 
which they were persistently reprimanded by their mullahs). Moreover, the Turkish and 
Afghan invaders also fought each other, so they often had to ally themselves with 
accursed unbelievers against fellow Muslims. After the conquests, Islamic occupation 
gradually lost its character of a total campaign to destroy the Pagans. Many Muslim rulers 
preferred to enjoy the revenue from stable and prosperous kingdoms, and were content 
to extract the jizya tax, and to limit their conversion effort to material incentives and 

