# 1.11 What the Crusades Were Really Like

> 原文页码: 137-139

support to the missionary campaigns of sufis and mullahs (in fact, for less zealous rulers, 
the jizya was an incentive to discourage conversions, as these would mean a loss of 
revenue). The Moghul dynasty (from 1526 onwards) in effect limited its ambition to 
enjoying the zimma system, similar to the treatment of Jews and Christians in the 
Ottoman empire. Muslim violence would thenceforth be limited to some slave-taking, 
crushing the numerous rebellions, destruction of temples and killing or humiliation of 
Brahmins, and occasional acts of terror by small bands of raiders. A left-over from this 
period is the North-Indian custom of celebrating weddings at midnight: this was a safety 
measure against the Islamic sport of bride-catching. 
The last jihad against the Hindus before the full establishment of British rule was waged 
by Tipu Sultan at the end of the 18th century. In the rebellion of 1857, the near-defunct 
Muslim dynasties (Moghuls, Nawabs) tried to curry favour with their Hindu subjects and 
neighbours, in order to launch a joint effort to re-establish their rule. For instance, the 
Nawab promised to give the Hindus the Ram Janmabhoomi/Babri Masjid site back, in an 
effort to quench their anti-Muslim animosity and redirect their attention towards the new 
common enemy from Britain. This is the only instance in modern history when Muslims 
offered concessions to the Hindus; after that, all the concessions made for the sake of 
communal harmony were a one-way traffic from Hindu to Muslim. 
Other sources to study:
1. Islam’s Indian slave trade Part I in Islam’s genocidal slavery
I would strongly advise everyone to read this article which further documents brilliantly 
the millennium long Islamic genocide in India.  
http://islammonitor.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=3312:islams-indian-slave-trade-part-i-in-islams-
genocidal-slavery-&catid=170&Itemid=67
2. How 'Gandhara' became 'Kandahar':
http://rajivmalhotra.sulekha.com/blog/post/2001/12/how-gandhara-became-kandahar.htm
1.11 What the Crusades Were Really Like 
“A people not willing to embrace its past, ultimately forfeits its future.”
Alexander Von Humboldt
The Crusaders were not unprovoked aggressors, greedy marauders or medieval 
colonialists, as portrayed in some history books.
In fact, Thomas Madden, chair of St. Louis University's history department and author of 
"A Concise History of the Crusades," contests that the Crusaders were a defensive force 
that did not profit from their ventures by earthly riches or land.
In fact, Thomas Madden, chair of St. Louis University's history department and author of 
"A Concise History of the Crusades," contests that the Crusaders were defensive wars, 
not wars of conquest.
Madden shared the most popular myths about the Crusades and the modern findings that 
prove them wrong. 
Q: What are some common misconceptions about the Crusades? the Crusaders?
Madden: The following are some of the most common myths and why they are wrong.
Myth 1: The Crusades were wars of unprovoked aggression against a peaceful 
Muslim world.
This is as wrong as wrong can be. From the time of Mohammed, Muslims had sought to 
conquer the Christian world. They did a pretty good job of it, too. After a few centuries of 
steady conquests, Muslim armies had taken all of North Africa, the Middle East, Asia 
Minor and most of Spain.
In other words, by the end of the 11th century the forces of Islam had captured two-
thirds of the Christian world. Palestine, the home of Jesus Christ; Egypt, the birthplace of 
Christian monasticism; Asia Minor, where St. Paul planted the seeds of the first Christian 
communities -- these were not the periphery of Christianity but it’s very core.
And the Muslim empires were not finished yet. They continued to press westward toward 
Constantinople, ultimately passing it and entering Europe itself. As far as unprovoked 
aggression goes, it was all on the Muslim side. At some point what was left of the 
Christian world would have to defend itself or simply succumb to Islamic conquest.
Myth 2: The Crusaders wore crosses, but they were really only interested in 
capturing booty and land. Their pious platitudes were just a cover for rapacious 
greed.
Historians used to believe that a rise in Europe's population led to a crisis of too many 
noble "second sons," those who were trained in chivalric warfare but who had no feudal 
lands to inherit. The Crusades, therefore, were seen as a safety valve, sending these 
belligerent men far from Europe where they could carve out lands for themselves at 
someone else's expense.
Modern scholarship, assisted by the advent of computer databases, has exploded this 
myth. We now know that it was the "first sons" of Europe that answered the Pope's call in 
1095, as well as in subsequent Crusades.
Crusading was an enormously expensive operation. Lords were forced to sell off or 
mortgage their lands to gather the necessary funds. Most were also not interested in an 
overseas kingdom. Much like a soldier today, the medieval Crusader was proud to do his 
duty but longed to return home.
After the spectacular successes of the First Crusade, with Jerusalem and much of 
Palestine in Crusader hands, virtually all of the Crusaders went home. Only a tiny handful 
remained behind to consolidate and govern the newly won territories.
Booty was also scarce. In fact, although Crusaders no doubt dreamed of vast wealth in 
opulent Eastern cities, virtually none of them ever even recouped their expenses. But 
money and land were not the reasons that they went on Crusade in the first place. They 
went to atone for their sins and to win salvation by doing good works in a faraway land.
They underwent such expense and hardship because they believed that by coming to the 
aid of their Christian brothers and sisters in the East they were storing up treasure where 
rust and moth cannot corrupt.
They were very mindful of Christ's exhortation that he who will not take up his cross is 
not worthy of Christ. They also remembered that "Greater love hath no man than this, 
than to lay down his life for his friends."
Myth 3: When the Crusaders captured Jerusalem in 1099 they massacred every 
man, woman and child in the city until the streets ran ankle deep with the 
blood.
This is a favourite used to demonstrate the evil nature of the Crusades.
It is certainly true that many people in Jerusalem were killed after the Crusaders 
captured the city. But this must be understood in historical context.
The accepted moral standard in all pre-modern European and Asian civilisations was that 
a city that resisted capture and was taken by force belonged to the victorious forces. 
That included not just the buildings and goods, but the people as well. That is why every 
city or fortress had to weigh carefully whether it could hold out against besiegers. If not, 
it was wise to negotiate terms of surrender.
In the case of Jerusalem, the defenders had resisted right up to the end. They calculated 
that the formidable walls of the city would keep the Crusaders at bay until a relief force 
from Egypt could arrive. They were wrong. When the city fell, therefore, it was put to the 
sack. Many were killed, yet many others were ransomed or allowed to go free.
By modern standards this may seem brutal. Yet a medieval knight would point out that 
many more innocent men, women and children are killed in modern bombing warfare 
than could possibly be put to the sword in one or two days. It is worth noting that in 
those cities occupied by Muslims and that surrendered to the Crusaders the people were 
left unmolested, retained their property and were allowed to worship freely.
As for those streets of blood, no historian accepts them as anything other than a literary 
convention. Jerusalem is a big town. The amount of blood necessary to fill the streets to 
a continuous and running three-inch depth would require many more people than lived in 
the region, let alone the city.
Myth 4: The Crusades were just medieval colonialism dressed up in religious 
finery.
It is important to remember that in the Middle Ages the West was not a powerful, 
dominant culture venturing into a primitive or backward region. It was the Muslim East 
that was powerful, wealthy and opulent. Europe was the Third World.
The Crusader States, founded in the wake of the First Crusade, were not new plantations 
of Catholics in a Muslim world akin to the British colonisation of America. Catholic 
presence in the Crusader states was always tiny, easily less than 10% of the population. 
These were the rulers and magistrates, as well as Italian merchants and members of the 
military orders. The overwhelming majority of the population in the Crusader states was 
Muslim.

