# 1.12 The Crusades and today

> 原文页码: 140-142

They were not colonies, therefore, in the sense of plantations or even factories, as in the 
case of India. They were outposts. The ultimate purpose of the Crusader states was to 
defend the holy places in Palestine, especially Jerusalem, and to provide a safe 
environment for Christian pilgrims to visit those places.
There was no mother country with which the Crusader states had an economic 
relationship, nor did Europeans economically benefit from them. Quite the contrary, the 
expense of Crusades to maintain the Latin East was a serious drain on European 
resources. As an outpost, the Crusader states kept a military focus.
While the Muslims warred against each other the Crusader states were safe, but once the 
Muslims united, they were able to dismantle the strongholds, capture the cities, and in 
1291 expel the Christians completely.
Myth 5: The Crusades were also waged against the Jews.
No pope ever called a Crusade against Jews. During the First Crusade a large band of 
riffraff, not associated with the main army, descended on the towns of the Rhineland and 
decided to rob and kill the Jews they found there. In part this was pure greed. In part it 
also stemmed from the incorrect belief that the Jews, as the crucifiers of Christ, were 
legitimate targets of the war.
Pope Urban II and subsequent popes strongly condemned these attacks on Jews. Local 
bishops and other clergy and laity attempted to defend the Jews, although with limited 
success. Similarly, during the opening phase of the Second Crusade a group of renegades 
killed many Jews in Germany before St. Bernard was able to catch up to them and put a 
stop to it.
These misfires of the movement were an unfortunate by-product of Crusade enthusiasm, 
but they were not the purpose of the Crusades. To use a modern analogy, during the 
Second World War some American soldiers committed crimes while overseas. They were 
arrested and punished for those crimes. But the purpose of the Second World War was 
not to commit crimes.
1.12 The Crusades and today
Present-day tension between the West and Muslim countries has very little to do with the 
Crusades, says a historian.
 
In fact, Thomas Madden, chair of the history department at St. Louis University and 
author of "A Concise History of the Crusades," contends that, from the Muslim 
perspective, the Crusades were not worth noticing. That changed when 19th-century 
revisionists started to recast the Crusades as imperialist wars, he says. 
Q: Do you think the struggle between the West and the Muslim world is in any way a 
reaction to the Crusades? 
Madden: No. That may seem a strange answer when you consider that Osama bin Laden 
and other Islamists often refer to Americans as "Crusaders." 
It's important to remember, though, that during the Middle Ages -- really up until the late 
16th century -- the superpower of the Western world was Islam. Muslim civilisations were 
wealthy, sophisticated and immensely powerful. The West was backward and relatively 
weak. 
It is noteworthy that with the exception of the First Crusade virtually every other Crusade 
launched by the West -- and there were hundreds -- was unsuccessful. 
The Crusades may have slowed Muslim expansionism, but they in no way stopped it. 
Muslim empires would continue to expand into Christian territories, conquering the 
Balkans, much of Eastern Europe and even the greatest Christian city in the world, 
Constantinople. 
From the Muslim perspective the Crusades were not worth noticing. If you had asked 
someone in the Muslim world about the Crusades in the 18th century he or she would 
have known nothing about them. They were important to Europeans because they were 
massive efforts that failed. 
However, during the 19th century, when Europeans began conquering and colonising 
Middle Eastern countries, many historians -- in particular nationalist or royalist French 
writers -- began to cast the Crusades as Europe's first attempt to bring the fruits of 
Western civilisation to the backward Muslim world. In other words, the Crusades were 
morphed into imperialist wars. 
Those histories were taught in the colonial schools and became the accepted view in the 
Middle East and beyond. In the 20th century, imperialism was discredited. Islamists and 
some Arab nationalists then seized on the colonial construction of the Crusades, claiming 
that the West was responsible for their woes because they had preyed on Muslims ever 
since the Crusades. 
It is often said that people in the Middle East have long memories; it is true. But in the 
case of the Crusades, they have a recovered memory: one that was manufactured for 
them by their European conquerors. 
Q: Are there any similarities between the Crusades and the war against terror today? 
Madden: Aside from the fact that soldiers in both wars want to serve something greater 
than themselves that they hold dear and long to return home when it is over, I see no 
other similarities between the medieval Crusades and the war against terror. Motivations 
in a post-Enlightenment secular society are very different from those in the medieval 
world. 
Q: How are the Crusades different from Islam's Jihad, or other wars of religion? 
Madden: The fundamental purpose of Jihad is to expand the Dar al-Islam -- the Abode 
of Islam -- into the Dar al-Harb -- the Abode of War. In other words, jihad is 
expansionistic, seeking to conquer non-Muslims and place them under Muslim rule. 
Those who are then conquered are given a simple choice. For those who are not People 
of the Book -- in other words, those who are not Christians or Jews -- the choice is 
convert to Islam or die. For those who are People of the Book, the choice is submit to 
Muslim rule, accept dhimmitude and Islamic law or die. The expansion of Islam, 
therefore, was directly linked to the military successes of Jihad. 
The Crusades were something very different. From its beginnings Christianity has always 
forbidden coerced conversion of any kind. Conversion by the sword, therefore, was not 
possible for Christianity. Unlike Jihad, the purpose of the Crusades was neither to expand 
the Christian world nor to expand Christianity through forced conversions. 
Instead, the Crusades were a direct and belated response to centuries of Muslim 
conquests of Christian lands. The immediate event that sparked the First Crusade was 
the Turkish conquest of all of Asia Minor in the 1070s through 1090s. 
The First Crusade was called by Pope Urban II in 1095 in response to an urgent plea for 
help from the Byzantine emperor in Constantinople. Urban called the knights of 
Christendom to come to the aid of their Eastern brethren. 
Asia Minor was Christian. ...
Part of the Byzantine Empire, it had been first evangelised by St. Paul. St. Peter had been 
the first bishop of Antioch. Paul had written his famous letter to the Christians of 
Ephesus. The creed of the Church was penned at Nicaea. All of these were in Asia Minor. 
The Byzantine emperor begged the Christians of the West for aid in recapturing these 
lands and expelling the Turks. The Crusades were that aid. Their purpose, though, was 
not only to re-conquer Asia Minor but also to recapture other formerly Christian lands 
that had been lost due to Islamic Jihads. This included the Holy Land. 
In a nutshell, therefore, the major difference between Crusade and Jihad is that the 
former was a defence against the latter. The entire history of the Eastern Crusades is one 
of response to Muslim aggression. 
Q: Did the Crusaders have any success at converting the Muslim world? 
Madden: I would note that in the 13th century some Franciscans began a mission in the 
Middle East to seek to convert Muslims. It was not successful, largely because Islamic law 
makes conversion to another religion a capital offence. 
This attempt, though, was separate from the Crusades, which had nothing at all to do 
with conversion. And it was by peaceful persuasion. 
Q: How did Christendom rationalise its defeat in the Crusades? Were the Crusaders 
defeated? 
Madden: The same way that the Jews of the Old Testament did. God withheld victory 
from his people because they were sinful. This led to a large-scale piety movement in 
Europe, whose aim was to purify Christian society in every way. 
Q: Did Pope John Paul II in fact apologise for the Crusades? Has he actually condemned 
them? 
Madden: This is an odd myth, given that the Pope was so roundly criticised for failing to 
apologise directly for the Crusades when he asked forgiveness from all those that 
Christians had unjustly harmed. 
Our Holy Father did not condemn them, nor did he apologise for them. He apologised for 
the sins of Catholics. More recently it was widely reported that John Paul II apologised to 
the patriarch of Constantinople for the Crusader conquest of Constantinople in 1204. 
In truth, though, the Pope only reiterated what his predecessor Pope Innocent III [1198-
1216] said. That too was a tragic misfire that Innocent had done everything he could to 
avoid. He apologised for the sins of Catholics who took part in the Crusades. Yet he did 
not apologise for the Crusades themselves or even the outcome of the Crusades. 

