# 1.13 The factors that led to the Crusades

> 原文页码: 143-143

Source: 
http://www.catholic.org/featured/headline.php?ID=1417
http://www.zenit.org/article-11237?l=english
1.13 The factors that led to the Crusades
By Lúcio Mascarenhas (formerly "Prakash"), Bombay, India
It is a historical fact that Islam began as an overtly militant and aggressive cult in its 
fundamental and inherent nature of being & remains so. It was Islam that attacked, 
without any provocation whatsoever, its Christian neighbours, overran their lands and 
committed genocide and enslaved the remainder. 
Let me list the Christian lands and peoples that Islam encroached upon: Roman Arabia, 
Arabia Felix, Israel (Philistia), Jordan, Iraq (Chaldea, Assyria and Hadiabene), Syria 
(Aram), Lebanon (Phoenicia), Turkey (Bythinia, Cappadocia, Cilicia, Galatia, Caria, 
Pontus, etc.), Thrace, Egypt (the Copts), Sudan (Nubia and Axum), Libya (Lybia, 
Cyrenaica and Tripolitania), Tunisia (Roman Africa Nova et Vetera & Carthage), Algeria 
(Roman Africa, Numidia & Gætulia), Morocco(Roman Mauretania), Spain (Roman Iberia), 
Portugal (Lusitania), South France ("The Muslims were at last defeated by Charles 
Martel at Tours, in 732, just one hundred years from the death of Mohammed"), 
Southern Italy (Sicilia & Neapolitania), Malta (Melita), Armenia (Hayastan), Georgia, 
Azerbaijan (Roman Albania, not modern Albania which was Roman Illyrica), etc. 
The many nations of Iran were Zorastrian, together with the Kurds, Sogdians (Tadjiks) 
and the peoples of Ariana. Some Zorastrians escaped the Islamic Conquest and Genocide 
to India, becoming the Parsees. Today, even the fanatically Muslim Iranians look back 
with horror and loathing on, and denounce that original Conquest and Genocide as the 
grossest barbarism (Naqba). 
The Turks, as the many Indophile nations of Central Asia and West India (Pakistan & 
Afghanistan), were Buddhists and Hindus. Again, we have that same story of unprovoked 
aggression, imperialism, colonialism, barbarism. The Turks were forced to become 
Muslim, and then went on to perpetrate those same misanthropies on others. 
All these lands were subject to Islamic Imperialism, Genocide, Ethnic Cleansing, 
Colonialism and Demographic Re-Engineering in order to create Islamic majorities. 
The Islamic Conquests - really a Naqba (Catastrophe), if there was ever one, began with 
the foundation of Islam in the sixth century. On the contrary, the Crusades began only in 
the eleventh century, under Pope Urban II (Otto von Lagery), who, at Clermont, France, 
in November, 1095 inaugurated it, proclaiming it 'God's Will.' 
The Crusades, were thus, chronologically latter to the Islamic Aggressions and in 
response to them, and specifically to immediate and gross provocations. 
The immediate provocation for the first crusade was the Islamic mistreatment of 
Christian pilgrims to Israel — to Jerusalem and the sites connected to Lord Jesus Christ, 
together with attempts to deny Christians access to these sites.

