# 1.14 Modern Aftermath of the Crusades

> 原文页码: 144-146

Source:
http://www.geocities.com/prakashjm45/crusades.html
1.14 Modern Aftermath of the Crusades
By Robert Spencer
The Crusades may be causing more devastation today than they ever did in the three 
centuries when most of them were fought, according to one expert. 
Robert Spencer, author of "Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (and the Crusades)", 
claims that the damage is not in terms of lives lost and property destroyed but is a more 
subtle destruction. 
Spencer shared how false ideas about the Crusades are being used by extremists to 
foment hostility to the West today. 
Q: The Crusades are often portrayed as a militarily offensive venture. Were they? 
Spencer: No. Pope Urban II, who called for the First Crusade at the Council of Clermont 
in 1095, was calling for a defensive action — one that was long overdue. 
As he explained, he was calling the Crusade because without any defensive action, "the 
faithful of God will be much more widely attacked" by the Turks and other Muslim forces. 
"For, as most of you have heard, the Turks and Arabs have attacked them and have 
conquered the territory of Romania [the Greek empire] as far west as the shore of the 
Mediterranean and the Hellespont, which is called the Arm of St. George," Pope Urban II 
said in his address. "They have occupied more and more of the lands of those Christians, 
and have overcome them in seven battles. They have killed and captured many, and have 
destroyed the churches and devastated the empire. 
"If you permit them to continue thus for a while with impunity, the faithful of God will be 
much more widely attacked by them." 
He was right. Jihad warfare had from the seventh century to the time of Pope Urban 
conquered and Islamised what had been over half of Christendom. There had been no 
response from the Christian world until the Crusades. 
Q: What are some popular misconceptions about the Crusades? 
Spencer: One of the most common is the idea that the Crusades were an unprovoked 
attack by Europe against the Islamic world. 
In fact, the conquest of Jerusalem in 638 stood at the beginning of centuries of Muslim 
aggression, and Christians in the Holy Land faced an escalating spiral of persecution. 
Early in the eighth century 60 Christian pilgrims from Amorium were crucified; around 
the same time the Muslim governor of Caesarea seized a group of pilgrims from Iconium 
and had them all executed as spies — except for a small number who converted to Islam. 
Muslims also demanded money from pilgrims, threatening to ransack the Church of the 
Resurrection if they didn't pay. 
Later in the eighth century, a Muslim ruler banned displays of the cross in Jerusalem. He 
also increased the tax on non-Muslims — jizya — that Christians had to pay and forbade 
Christians to engage in religious instruction of their own children and fellow believers. 
Early in the ninth century the persecutions grew so severe that large numbers of 
Christians fled for Constantinople and other Christian cities. In 937, Muslims went on a 
rampage in Jerusalem on Palm Sunday, plundering and destroying the Church of Calvary 
and the Church of the Resurrection. 
In 1004, the Fatimid Caliph, Abu 'Ali al-Mansur al-Hakim, ordered the destruction of 
churches, the burning of crosses, and the seizure of church property. Over the next 10 
years 30,000 churches were destroyed, and untold numbers of Christians converted to 
Islam simply to save their lives. 
In 1009, al-Hakim commanded that the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem be 
destroyed, along with several other churches, including the Church of the Resurrection. 
In 1056, the Muslims expelled 300 Christians from Jerusalem and forbade European 
Christians from entering the rebuilt Church of the Holy Sepulcher. 
When the Seljuk Turks took Jerusalem in 1077, the Seljuk Emir Atsiz bin Uwaq promised 
not to harm the inhabitants, but once his men had entered the city, they murdered 3,000 
people. 
Another common misconception is that the Crusades were fought to convert Muslims to 
Christianity by force. Glaringly absent from every report about Pope Urban's address at 
the Council of Claremont is any command to the Crusaders to convert Muslims. 
It was not until over 100 years after the First Crusade, in the 13th century, that 
European Christians made any organised attempt to convert Muslims to Christianity, 
when the Franciscans began missionary work among Muslims in lands held by the 
Crusaders. This effort was largely unsuccessful. 
Yet another misconception revolves around the Crusaders' bloody sack of Jerusalem in 
1099. 
The capture of Jerusalem is often portrayed as unique in medieval history, and as the 
cause of Muslim mistrust of the West. It might be more accurate to say that it was the 
start of a millennium of anti-Western grievance mongering and propaganda. 
The Crusaders' sack of Jerusalem was a heinous crime - particularly in light of the 
religious and moral principles they professed to uphold. However, by the military 
standards of the day, it was not actually anything out of the ordinary. 
In those days, it was a generally accepted principle of warfare that if a city under siege 
resisted capture, it could be sacked, and while if it did not resist, mercy would be shown. 
It is a matter of record that Muslim armies frequently behaved in exactly the same way 
when entering a conquered city. 
This is not to excuse the Crusaders' conduct by pointing to similar actions. One atrocity 
does not excuse another. But it does illustrate that the Crusaders' behaviour in Jerusalem 
was consistent with that of other armies of the period — since all states subscribed to the 
same notions of siege and resistance. 
In 1148, Muslim commander Nur ed-Din did not hesitate to order the killing of every 
Christian in Aleppo. In 1268, when the Jihad forces of the Mamluk Sultan Baybars took 
Antioch from the Crusaders, Baybars was annoyed to find that the Crusader ruler had 
already left the city — so he wrote to him bragging of his massacres of Christians. 
Most notorious of all may be the Jihadists' entry into Constantinople on May 29, 1453, 
when they, according to historian Steven Runciman, "slew everyone that they met in the 
streets, men, women and children without discrimination." 
Finally, it is a misconception that Pope John Paul II apologised for the Crusades. He did 
not. 
There is no doubt that the belief that Pope John Paul II apologised for the Crusades is 
widespread. When he died, the Washington Post reminded its readers "during his long 
reign, Pope John Paul II apologised to Muslims for the Crusades, to Jews for anti-
Semitism, to Orthodox Christians for the sacking of Constantinople, to Italians for the 
Vatican's associations with the Mafia and to scientists for the persecution of Galileo." 
However, John Paul II never actually apologised for the Crusades. The closest he came 
was on March 12, 2000, the "Day of Pardon." 
During his homily he said: "We cannot fail to recognise the infidelities to the Gospel 
committed by some of our brethren, especially during the second millennium. Let us ask 
pardon for the divisions which have occurred among Christians, for the violence some 
have used in the service of the truth and for the distrustful and hostile attitudes 
sometimes taken toward the followers of other religions." 
This is hardly a clear apology for the Crusades. 
Q: How have Muslims perceived the Crusades then and now? 
Spencer: For centuries, when the Ottoman Empire was thriving, the Crusades were not a 
pre-occupation of the Islamic world. They were, after all, failures from a Western 
standpoint. 
However, with the decline of the military power and unity of the Islamic world, and the 
concomitant rise of the West, they have become a focal point of Muslim resentment of 
perceived Western encroachment and exploitation. 
Q: To what extent are false ideas about the Crusades being used by extremists to foment 
hostility to the West today? 
Spencer: The Crusades may be causing more devastation today than they ever did in 
the three centuries when most of them were fought — but not in terms of lives lost and 
property destroyed. Today's is a more subtle destruction. 
The Crusades have become a cardinal sin not only of the Catholic Church but also of the 
Western world in general. 
They are Exhibit A for the case that the current strife between the Muslim world and 
Western, post-Christian civilisation is ultimately the responsibility of the West, which has 
provoked, exploited, and brutalised Muslims ever since the first Frankish warriors entered 
Jerusalem. 
Osama bin Laden has spoken of his organisation not as al-Qaida but of a "World Islamic 

