# 1.15 History of the Islamic Ottoman Turkish Empire I (1299-1876)

> 原文页码: 147-156

Front for Jihad Against Jews and Crusaders," and called in a fatwa for "Jihad against Jews 
and Crusaders." 
Such usage is widespread. On November 8, 2002 — shortly before the beginning of the 
Iraqi war that toppled Saddam Hussein — Sheikh Bakr Abed Al-Razzaq Al-Samaraai 
preached in Baghdad's Mother of All Battles mosque about "this difficult hour in which the 
Islamic nation [is] experiencing, an hour in which it faces the challenge of [forces] of 
disbelief of infidels, Jews, crusaders, Americans and Britons." 
Similarly, when Islamic Jihadists bombed the U.S. Consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, in 
December 2004, they explained that the attack was part of larger plan to strike back at 
"Crusaders": "This operation comes as part of several operations that are organised and 
planned by al-Qaida as part of the battle against the crusaders and the Jews, as well as 
part of the plan to force the unbelievers to leave the Arabian Peninsula," the Jihadists 
said in a statement. 
They also said that Jihad warriors "managed to enter one of the crusaders' big castles in 
the Arabian Peninsula and managed to enter the American consulate in Jeddah, in which 
they control and run the country." 
In the face of this, Westerners should not be embarrassed by the Crusades. It's time to 
say, "enough," and teach our children to take pride in their own heritage. 
They should know that they have a culture and a history of which they can and should be 
grateful; that they are not the children and grandchildren of oppressors and villains; and 
that their homes and families are worth defending against those who want to take them 
away, and are willing to kill to do so.
Source: 
http://www.ewtn.com/library/CHISTORY/zaftcrus.HTM
1.15 History of the Islamic Ottoman Turkish Empire I (1299-1876)
1. Rise of the Ottomans
By the year 1300, a weakened Byzantium had seen most of its Anatolian provinces lost 
among some ten Seljuk Ghazi principalities. 
Ertugrul’s son Osman becomes Bey in 1281, by 1299 declared himself a sovereign from 
the Seljuk’s, establishing the Ottoman Empire. 
- Flag of the Ottoman Empire 1299-1453
- Flag of the Osmanli 1326-1517
- Capture of Bursa – 1326
- Battle of Plocnik – 1386
- Ottoman Battle Flag
- Battle of Kosovo - 1389
- Constantinople - 1452
- Capture of Constantinople - 1453
- Ottoman Flag – 1453 – 1844
- Battle of Chaldiran - 1514
- Sultan Suleiman I – 1520-1566
- Battle of Mohacs - 1526
- Battle of Preveza – 1538
- Battle of Lepanto - 1571
- Capture of Yerevan – 1635
- Capture of Baghdad – 1639
- Second siege of Vienna - 1683
The Ottoman society comprised of many ethnicities: Greek, Armenian, Assyrian, Arab, 
Jew, Kurd, Persian, Georgian, Bulgarian, Serb, Hungarian, Croatian, Romanian, Albanian, 
etc. The Turk was the ruling and superior element to all others. The Sultanate, 
government sectors, viziers, pashas, judges, and the military establishment had to be 
Turkish and Muslim. The Janissary Corps was the backbone of the Military. Its members 
were forcefully taken from Christian families, converted and raised as Turks. The 
Ottoman traditionally got their wives and harem girls from Christian families. 
Non-Muslims had to wear a different colour, they could not ride horses, nor carry 
weapons. Christians and Jews were called “Kafir” or “Gyavur” (Infidel). The Law of the 
land was Islamic Sharia Law. 
2. Era of Stagnation (1683-1808)
After its defeat in 1983, the Ottoman Empire went through a stagnation period, during 
which many territories ceded. New forces appeared on the horizon, Austria, Britain, 
France and Russia. Peter the Great of Russia defeats the Ottomans in 1723 and takes 
Dorbent, Baku, and North Atrpatakan (Azerbaijan) from the Turks and Persians. In the 
decisive Russian-Turkish War of 1768-1774, Catherine II brings Southern Ukraine, the 
Northern Caucasus, and Crimea within the orbit of the Russian Empire. The Turks try to 
regain the lost territories, but a united Russian-Austrian force defeats them in 1791 and 
1792, and takes Transylvania, Bessarabia and Hungary. 
Napoleon invades Egypt in 1798 and takes control over Christian Malta and Christian 
Palestine. However, Britain fights France defending the Ottomans.  Napoleon withdraws, 
the Turks regain Egypt, and Britain is rewarded with Malta. 
Following a short battle in 1807 with Britain, the enraged Janissaries depose Sultan Selim 
III for his cousin Mustafa IV. Mustafa is deposed after one year for his brother Mahmud 
II. Each Sultan subsequently murders his brother. The Ottomans lose more lands from 
their crumbling Empire. During the series of wars between 1806 and 1812, the Russians 
crush the Ottomans, who sign the Treaty of Bucharest. One day after the Treaty, 
Napoleon attacks Russia. 
With the “Second Serbian Uprising” in 1815, Serbia gains independence from the 
Ottoman Empire with heroes like Karadorde Petrovic and Milos Obrenovic. 
Influenced by the writings and murder of Greek author Rigas Feraios, The Greek War of 
Independence begins in 1821 and lasts for almost ten years. The Greek people struggle 
to rid themselves of Ottoman Turkish tyranny and win their recognised independence in 
1832.
At the Battle of Navarino, the Sultan closes the Dardanelles for Russian ships and revokes 
the Akkerman Convention.
After the Russian-Persian and Russian-Turkish Wars of 1828-1829, the Ottomans 
recognise Russian sovereignty over Georgia and Eastern Armenia. 
Starting in the 1830’s, the Ottoman Empire became known as the “Sick man of Europe”. 
3. Three Reformist Sultans (1808-1876)
Despite the political and military fateful years, Sultan Mahmud II has the courage to 
introduce a series of fundamental reforms into the Ottoman Empire. His Vizier, Mustafa 
Pasha takes the initiative in resuming reforms but he is killed by the Janissaries. Mahmud 
abolishes the Janissary corps in 1826 and establishes a modern Ottoman Army, naming it 
Nizam-i Cedid, (New Order).
In 1831 Sultan Mahmud opens the first Government Hospital, and in 1833 introduces a 
wide series of reforms in legal, educational, scientific and other policies in an edict called 
“Tanzimat” (Reforms). Sultan Mahmud forbids the abuses of the governors and vakifs, 
killing of people at will by pashas and agas, and places legal and property arbitrations 
under state administration. He dies in 1839. 
Sultan Abdulmejid continues his father’s reforms by replacing the Islamic Sharia Law by a 
European model Civil Code and Banking system. He establishes the first modern 
universities and academies, abolishes some unfair taxes on non-Muslims, and brings 
various provisions for the better administration of the public service. 
In 1854 Britain and France along with the Ottomans go to war against Russia in the 
Crimean Peninsula. The allied forces defeat Russia and impose heavy conditions in the 
Treaty of Paris, signed in 1856. At the closing of the Crimean War of 1856, Sultan 
Abdulmejid decrees the “Hatt-i Humayun” thus promising equality in education, 
government appointments, and administration of justice to all regardless of creed. The 
greatest change was the Ottoman State’s acceptation of the notion of “minorities”. 
Muslim government organisations (civil and military schools) begin to accept non-Muslim 
citizens. The official state language (in documentation) principle (Turkish) was broken, 
and the Empire becomes a multi-language system. Patriarchates begin to administer 
justice on the state level. Sultan Abdulmejid dies at the young age of 39 in 1861. 
Sultan Abdulaziz continues his brother’s reformist works. He authorises the Armenian 
National constitution in 1863, granting them rights in running educational, cultural, civic, 
social, charitable and religious matters. In 1871-76, Sultan Abdulaziz faces opposition 
from Islamic conservative and fanatic elements, demanding the return of the Sharia Law 
and the rule of Islam. His reformist Viziers, Fuad and Ali Pashas die in 1869 and 1871. 
The reaction from the conservatives was the rise of the liberal party, led by Midhat Pasha. 
As a result of the ensuing inner conflict, Sultan Abdulaziz was deposed and murdered in 
1876.
After the 1870-71 French-German War, Nationalism was on the rise across Europe. It was 
fanning the feelings of independence among its subjects, even among Turks. The Empires 
in Europe were heading towards war. 
The three reformist sultans, worked hard to gather all their subjects under the idea of 
“Ottomanism”, in order to keep the falling Empire. They rejected the notion of 
“Turkishness”, as historians E. Chelebi and I. M. D’Ohson testify. As a result of the 
Russian-Turkish wars and the rising local nationalism, the ruling Ottoman element began 
calling itself as the “Turk”. Abdulmejid’s son, Murad V rules for 93 days in 1876. He is 
deposed on the accusations of being mentally ill. He is placed under house arrest for the 
rest of his life, dying in 1904. 
History of the Ottoman Turkish Empire II (1876-1909)
4. The Armenians in the Ottoman Empire
The Armenians in the Ottoman Empire were mainly living on their millennial ancestral 
homeland, called the “Eastern Six Vilayets” under the millet system. They were also 
populous in Cilicia and the major cities of Ottoman Turkey, where many rose to 
prominent positions in finance and business. In accordance to the dhimmi system, 
Armenians, as Christians and Jews, living under the Islamic laws, were guaranteed 
limited freedoms such as the right to worship but were, in effect, treated as second-class 
citizens. They were forbidden to carry weapons and to ride horses, their children were 
subject to the Devshirmeh system (giving up boys to be forcefully converted to Muslims 
and raised as Turks), their houses could not overlook those of Muslims, and the ringing of 
church bells could not disturb Muslims. Testimony against Muslims by them was 
inadmissible in courts no matter the crime. Violating the dhimmi system, would result in 
punishment carried out by the authorities ranging from paying fines to the execution of 
the “offender”.
In the nineteenth century, frustrations with these restrictions lead many of the minorities 
to protest for greater freedom. In 1839, the Ottomans implemented the Tanzimat 
reforms to help improve the situation, although they were mostly ineffective. When 
several ethnicities of the Balkans, frustrated with the prevailing conditions, had often 
revolted against Ottoman rule, Armenians remained dormant during these years, earning 
them the title of “millet-i sadika” or the “loyal millet.”
In the mid-1860’s to early 1870’s under the reform laws of Sultan Abdulmejid, Armenians 
began to ask for better treatment from the Ottoman government, after amassing the 
signatures of peasants from eastern Anatolia.  The Armenian Communal Council 
petitioned the government to relieve the situation of towns: Widespread forced land 
seizure, forced conversion of women and children, arson, protection extortion, rape and 
murder was common. Other problems were improprieties during tax collection, criminal 
behaviour by government officials and the refusal to accept Christians as witnesses in 
trial. Despite the set rules, local Turks, Kurds and other Muslims treated their Christian 
neighbours as before. 
5. The Red Sultan (1876-1909)
At this crucial time, Abdulhamid II accede the throne, becoming the 34th Sultan. He was 
tyrannical, debauched, mistrustful and ruthless. He takes over a country with an empty 
treasury and banking defaults. While power being in the hands of Midhat Pasha and the 
“New Ottomans” (a progressive movement), Abdulhamid promises Midhat a constitution 
on the European model. He passes the first constitution of Ottoman Turkey in 1876 on 
the eve of an international conference on the question of reforms in the Balkans. By 
January 1877 and at the end of the conference, he removes Midhat Pasha as Grand Vizier 
and dissolves the Parliament. Midhat Pasha is exiled and murdered on his orders in 1884. 
Abdulhamid considers that the political structures of western norms are not applicable 
with the centuries old Ottoman political culture. To build his treasury, he imposes a heavy 
tax burden over his subjects, especially the Christians. 
Bosnia revolts against the taxation in 1875 and Bulgaria follows in 1876 to become free 
from the Ottomans. The Turks ruthlessly massacre more than 12 000 men, women and 
children in Bulgaria, and thousands more all over the Balkans. The Treaty of Kucuk 
Kaynarca of 1774 gave Russia the right to interfere in Ottoman affairs to protect the 
Sultan’s Christian subjects. The British Government defends the Ottoman actions, and a 
furious Russia declares war. 
The war of 1877-78 takes place in the Balkans and on the Caucasus fronts. The Russians 
along with other volunteer ethnic armies deal the Ottomans a crushing defeat. Able 
generals from the Balkan and Armenian generals in the Tsar’s Army like Mikhail Loris-
Melikov and Ivan Lazarev among others bring victories to the Russian forces. In March of 
1878 and under pressure from Britain, Russia enters into a settlement under the Treaty 
of San Stefano, in which the Ottoman Empire recognises the independence of Romania, 
Serbia, Montenegro, and autonomy of Bulgaria. Article 16 states that Russians would 
leave the Armenian provinces, once the Sultan implemented the improvements and 
reforms demanded by local requirements in the provinces inhabited by Armenians, and to 
guarantee their security from Kurds and Circassians. For commercial and political 
interests in mind, Britain’s Disraeli and the Austrians insist that a new treaty be drawn up 
in June of that year, at a congress of powers in Berlin. 
At the Congress of Berlin, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro were recognised as 
independent. And autonomous Bulgaria was greatly reduced and the Austro-Hungarian 
Empire occupies Bosnia-Herzegovina. An Armenian delegation headed by Bishop Mkrtich 
Khrimian is sent with a formal request for implementation of the reforms for Armenians. 
Germany’s Bismarck dismisses the delegation and refuses them a place on the agenda. 
Britain secretly agrees with the Ottoman Empire that it would militarily protect it from 
Russia and receives Cyprus in exchange. Disraeli reverses article 16 to 61, which returns 
two Armenian provinces with no Russians or Europeans to protect the Armenians. It 
leaves the same abusing Sultan as the “guarantor” of their security from Muslim 
continuing abuses. 
After the Russo-Turkish War, the treatment of the more than 2,5 million Armenians by the 
Ottoman Government became an international issue. Despite the promises of reform by 
the Sublime Porte at the Congress of Berlin, the situation even grew worse. Not only 
Russia but the other European powers were to oversee the Armenian reforms. An angry 
Abdulhamid made sure that the conditions of the Armenians grew worse. Now it was 
dangerous to be identified as an Armenian across the Empire. As the Millet structure 
degraded and as a result of constant persecutions, Armenians begin to rethink their 
position in the world. In this analysis the Armenian subjects of the Empire influenced by 
the Armenian Diaspora and following the Balkan examples. 
Years passed, and the masses simply yearned for reforms, dreaming only for a normal 
administration under Ottoman rule... “The mere mention of the word “reform” irritated 
him (Abdul Hamit), inciting his criminal instincts” writes historian Osman Nuri. Armenian 
small organisations started printing newsletters and bulletins to enlighten the Armenian 
public about their rights and ways to protect them. Later the first major organisation was 
the Armenakan Party in 1885, and the Huntchak Party in 1887. In 1890 the Armenian 
Revolutionary Federation (Dashnaksutyun) was formed in Tbilisi. Its members armed 
themselves into fedayee groups to protect the people from Ottoman oppression and 
massacres in the Armenian provinces. Armenians begin clamoring to obtain the reforms 
which were promised. They protest in 1892 and 1893 at Merzifon and Tokat and are met 
with violence and harsh methods. Abdulhamid declares that “Without Armenians there 
would be no Armenian problem”
In 1894, systematic pogroms swept over every district of Turkish Armenia. The wholesale 
slaughter of Armenians, forced conversion of villages, the looting and burning of 
hundreds of settlements, taking away their possessions. Sultan Abdulhamid prepared 
special attacking force from Kurds calling them “Hamidieh”. Along with the Ottoman Army 
they attacked men women and children killing them without distinction. His First 
Secretary wrote in his memoirs about Abdulhamid that he decided to pursue a policy of 
severity and terror against the Armenians, and in order to succeed in this respect he 
elected the method of dealing them an economic blow. He ordered they absolutely avoid 
negotiating or discussing anything with the Armenians and inflict upon them a decisive 
strike to settle scores. More than 300 000 Armenians were massacred in 1894-1896. In 
Sasun the Armenians resisted the massacres. But they eventually succumbed to superior 
numbers. A group of Dashnak volunteers stormed the “Ottoman Bank” in 1896 in order 
to alarm the Europeans. Hamid had 6000 Istanbul Armenians massacred. 
In 1897, Abdulhamid declared that the Armenian question was closed. All the Armenian 
revolutionaries had either been killed, or had escaped to Russia. The Ottoman 
government closed Armenian societies and restricted Armenian political movements. The 
formation of Armenian revolutionary groups began roughly around the end of the Russo-
Turkish War of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of Article 166 of the 
Ottoman Penal code, and the raid of Erzerum Cathedral. Article 166 was meant to control 
the possession of arms, but it was used to target Armenians by restricting them to 
possess arms. Local Kurdish tribes were armed to attack the defenceless Armenian 
population.
ARF member’s attempts to assassinate Abdulhamid in 1905, but he escapes death by 
luck. He eases the Armenian persecutions as a result. 
The “Young Turk” revolution of 1908 reverses the suspension of the Ottoman parliament 
in 1878, marking the onset of the Second Constitutional Era. Armenians hail the 
revolution. Hamid restores the Constitution in July. In April 1909 he and Islamist forces 
attempt a countercoup. It fails to restore him, but more than 30 000 Armenians are 
massacred in Adana by revolting army units, religious students and clerics asking for 
Sharia law. Hamid is finally deposed in April 1909 after 33 years of tyrannical rule. His 65 
years old brother Resat Mehmet becomes Sultan Mehmed V, a mere rubberstamping 
figurehead for the new government. 
a. The Early Years (1923-1934)
With the Treaty of Lausanne, an estimated 200 000 Greeks were to remain in Turkey 
following the 1923 population exchange. The Armenians were reduced from 2,5 million to 
around 150 000 after the Genocide. Turkey declared that no Armenian was ever allowed 
to return of the people that escaped (now Republic of Armenia). 
Mustafa Kemal becomes the republic’s first president and subsequently introduces many 
radical reforms in political, social, legal, educational, and economic sectors. Kemal urges 
his fellow Turks to look and act like Europeans. On October 28, 1927 the first population 
census counted the population at approximately 13,6 million, with a 9% literacy rate. A 
new Turkish alphabet based on the Latin alphabet was accepted on November 1, 1928. 
After 10 months, Kurdish, Arabic and Persian languages were banned, replaced by only 
the Turkish language. 
With the Liberal Republican Party, Jihadi groups joined the liberals. They were suppressed 
with widespread and bloody methods. The liberal party dissolved on 17 November 1930 
and Turkey became a single party dictatorship until 1945.
The Kurds declared independence in 1927. By September 17 1930, the Turks suppressed 
the rebellion with 66 000 troop and 100 planes. The most important Kurdish rebellion in 
modern Turkey was in 1937-1938, based around the Kizilbash heartland of Dersim. The 
Turkish Army mobilised 50 000 troops to suppress the rebellion. Turkish forces claimed at 
least 40 000 Dersimlis, who were deported and massacred following this defeat. 
Southeast Anatolia was put under martial law and was subject to military occupation. In 
addition to destruction of the villages and massive deportations, Turkish Government 
encouraged Albanians and Assyrians to settle in the Kurdish area to change the ethnic 
composition of the region. 
During WW2, Turkey imposed Jizya, an increased property tax on all Christians and Jews 
in the country (Greeks and Armenians). The Jizya was even imposed on the Dönmeh 
(converts to Islam). Those who did not pay were condemned to forced labour in the 
quarries of Askale, near Erzurum. They did this to “turkify” the economy. With the 
draconian Varlik Vergisi in 1942; anticipating the fall of Stalingrad, Turkey concentrates 
troops on the Caucasian border. Turkey quarantines all Christian men between 18-45 
years old, and orders 3 large crematory ovens from Germany... The Turkish officer 
committee with the leadership of General Cemil Cahit Toydemir – invited by Hitler, visits 
the Eastern front and English Channel coasts on 25 June – 7 July 1943. Gen. H. Erkilet, 
Gen. Ali Fuat Erden and Hitler at Wolfsschanze discussed various strategies.
 
With Germany nearing defeat, Turkey declares war on the side of the Allies on February 
23, 1945 as a ceremonial gesture, to become a charter member of the United Nations in 
1945.
b. The West and NATO (1945-1954)
After the war the Soviet Union attempts to annul the Treaty of Kars with Turkey and 
return parts of Northwestern Armenia. These efforts are halted by intervention from 
Winston Churchill and Harry S. Truman. 
The close relationship with the United States begins with the Second Cairo Conference in 
December 4-6, 1943 and the agreement of July 12, 1947 which implements the Truman 
Doctrine. After 1945, in light of the Soviet domination over Eastern Europe, the US 
supports Greece and Turkey with economic and military aid to prevent their falling into 
the Soviet sphere. The act grant Turkey more than 100 million USD in aid. 
On June 25, 1950 the Korean War starts. Despite being criticised inside Turkey, the Army 
along with other 16 nations goes to war against North Korea. Turkey participates in this 
campaign in order to gain membership in NATO, which Turkey joins in 1952. 
c. Pogroms, Coup and deportations of Christians (1955-1961)
On September 6 and 7, 1955, a pogrom directed primarily at Istanbul’s 100 000 strong 
Greek minority takes place. Jews and Armenians living in the city and their businesses 
were also targeted in the pogrom. A Turkish mob, most of which was trucked into the city 
in advance, assaulted Istanbul’s Greek community for nine hours. Shovels, pickaxes, 
crowbars, ramming rods and petrol was used. 4000 private taxis were requisitioned to 
transport the perpetrators. Dozens of Greeks (two Orthodox priests) and at least one 
Armenian died during the pogrom as a result of beatings and arsons. Thirty-two Greeks 
were severely wounded. Many Greek women were raped, a number of men were forcibly 
circumcised by the mob. 4348 Greek-owned businesses, 110 hotels, 27 pharmacies, 23 
schools, 21 factories, 73 churches and over a thousand Greek-owned homes were badly 
damaged or destroyed. The mob chanted “Death to the Gavours”, “Massacre the Greek 
traitors”, “Down with Europe [My emphasis]”
The riot died down by midnight with the intervention of the Turkish Army and martial law 
was declared. Eyewitnesses reported, however, that army officers and policemen had 
earlier participated in the rampages and in many cases urged the rioters on. 
After a clash over the “separation of religion and state” between Inonu’s Republican 
People’s Party and his opponents, president Celal Bayar and prime minister Adnan 
Menderes; and due to the level of influence the Islamists had gained in the nation, on 
May 27, 1960 General Cemal Gursel led a military coup d’etat removing President Celal 
Bayar and Prime Minister Adnan Menderes. They were charged with high treason, misuse 
of public funds and abrogation of the constitution. 
According to Zorlu’s lawyer at the Yassiada trial, a mob of 300 000 was marshaled in a 
radius of 40 miles (60 km) around the city for the pogrom. Menderes and two others 
were sentenced to death by hanging. 
Deported with two day’s notice, the Greek community of Istanbul shrunk from 100 000 
persons in 1955 to only 48 000 in 1965. Armenians and Jews were also thrown out of 
Turkey. 
d. Divide and Conquer (1961-1974)
The census of 1960 in Cyprus showed that Greek Cypriots comprised 77%, Turkish 
Cypriots 18%, and 5% were other ethnicities.
Cyprus was declared an independent state on August 16, 1960 with Archbishop Makarios 
as President and a constitution with equal Turkish governance, (Turkish vice-president) 
despite their minority status on the Island. Turkish Cypriots saw themselves as Turks 
living in Cyprus rather than Turkish Cypriots. They developed the concept of Taksim, the 
partitioning of Cyprus into a Greek Cypriot-controlled region, and a Turkish Cypriot-
controlled region.
The Zurich and London Agreements, drawn among Greece, Turkey and the UK became 
complex and atypical, granting the Turkish Cypriot community political rights 
disproportionate their numbers and containing permanent restrictions on Enosis and 
Taksim alike. 
In 1965, the Justice Party of Suleiman Demirel won an absolute majority, which it 
increased in 1969, with an increasing polarisation between the Justice Party on the right 
and the Republican People’s Party of Ismet Inonu and Bulent Ecevit on the left. 
In 1969, Alparslan Turkes, a member of the Turkish branch of NATO’s stay-behind army, 
known as Gladio, founded the right wing Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), whose youth 
organisations became known as the Grey Wolves (Fascists).
On March 12, 1971 the Turkish military threatens intervention, forcing the Demirel 
government to resign. The 1971 coup leads to mounting violence between 
ultranationalists and communists in the cities of Turkey, killing more than 5000 at the 
hands of MIT.
In July 1974, dissatisfaction among right-wing Greek nationalists favoring Enosis 
(unification) with Greece precipitated a coup d’etat against President Makarios. The coup 
was sponsored by the military government of Greece and led by Cypriot officers. 
On 20 July 1974, Turkey launches an air- and sea-based invasion of Cyprus. Large 
numbers of Greek Cypriots lost their lives in the areas overrun by Turkish forces, and 
170 000 Greek Cypriots were evicted from their homes and forced to move to the south. 
Cities are attacked with napalms. Large numbers of Greek Cypriots lost their lives. 
Churches are destroyed, desecrated or converted into hotels. Turkey captures thousands 
of soldiers and executes them. As of today, there are 1534 Greek Cypriots unaccounted 
for, as well as over 150 000 Greek Cypriot refugees displaced persons. 
Turkey initiates a campaign and ships more than 150 000 Turks from mainland Turkey to 
Cypruss for the purpose of settlement. The Turkish Cypriots proclaim a separate state, 
the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC), under the leadership of Rauf Denktas, 
on November 15, 1983, recognised only by Turkey.
Turkey now occupies 37% of Cyprus even though there were only 18% Turks in Cyprus in 
1960. Half of the Capital Nicosia remains occupied.
e. Minorities Disallowed (1975-1990)
Kurdish nationalism began resurgence in the 1970’s when Turkey was racked with Left-
right clashes. The Marxist PKK was formed demanding a Kurdish state, led by its 
chairman, Abdullah Ocalan. Kurds counted almost 20% of Turkey’s population. The 
Turkish Army violently suppressed the Kurds, killing thousands of Kurdish civilians 
indiscriminately. After the Kahramanmaras massacre of Alevis in 1978, martial law was 
declared. 
On September 12, 1980 another coup d’etat, headed by General Kenan Evren, Chief of 
the General Staff, was successful. 
The World being silent regarding the Armenian Genocide, Marxist-Leninist groups like 
ASALA, target Turkish diplomats, to bring Turkey to terms of its bloody past and to raise 
awareness to the denied Armenian issues. In 1983 the Justice Commandoes of the Arm. 
Genocide attempts to take over the Turkish Embassy in Lisbon but it fails. The five men 
avoid capture by blowing the building after releasing the staff. 
Kurdish music, dance and culture gets banned in Turkey between 1983 and 1991, it was 
forbidden to publicise, publish and/or broadcast in any language other than Turkish. 
Armenians in Turkey become target to daily harassment and persecution. 
The Turkish Army commits acts of extreme violence in order to fight “terrorism”. 
Hundreds of thousands of men, women and children are killed ore systematically tortured 
in prisons from the early 80’s to the early 90’s. However, in 1990-91 the World was to 
change forever. 
f. Fall of the Iron Curtain (1991-1994)
With the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, Armenia breaks free. The Armenians in 
Karabakh who wanted to unite with Armenia for decades, decide to protest their case. 
Even before its independence, Soviet Azerbaijan (94% Muslim where majority are Turkic) 
suppresses the voice of the Armenians with street pogroms and massacres in Sumgait in 
1988 and Baku in 1990. Faced with brutal Azeri methods to quell the Armenians, 
Karabakh Armenians vote to secede from Azerbaijan, to which the later responds with full 
scale war in 1992, backed and aided by Turkey. The Armenians fight back as they 
remember the past. Even with food and power shortage in Armenia and Azerbaijan often 
bombing civilian targets with military aeroplanes. Karabakh takes the offensive and 
scores vital victories in late 1992 and 1993. Azerbaijan recruits Afghan, Chechen and 
other voluntary Mujahedeen. 
In light of the Armenian successive victories, Turkey’s Prime Minister Tansu Ciller 
threatens to invade Armenia with thousands of Turkish troops. Russia warns Turkey and 
counters their movements to ward them off. Aliev tries with every method to win the lost 
territories, to no avail. After six years of fighting an exhausted Azerbaijan finally asks for 
a cease fire in 1994. Turkey and Azerbaijan subsequently blockade Armenia. In addition, 
Azerbaijan takes “revenge” by wiping out the Armenian Cemetery in Julfa, Naxichevan 
and desecrating Armenian churches. 
Current situation of Armenia (2008, source CIA): Armenia is primarily a source country 
for women and girls trafficked to the UAE and Turkey for the purpose of commercial 
sexual exploitation; Armenian men and women are trafficked to Turkey and Russia for 
the purpose of forced labour. My comment: The EU and the US have showed little or no 
will at all to support Armenia in any way. They remain to be the last survivors of 
Byzantine Christianity, largely ignored by the Christian world. 
g. European Union? (1995-2007)
On 14 April, 1987, Turkey submitted its application for formal membership into the 
European Community. It was refused, citing Turkey’s economic and political situation, 
poor relations with Greece and the conflict with Cyprus. 
The 1995 elections brought a short-lived coalition between Yilmaz and Ciller at the helm. 
In 1997, the military, committed the fourth coup by sending a memorandum to Erbakan 
government requesting that he resign and banning his religious Party. 
A series of economic shocks led to new elections in 2002, bringing into power the 
religious Justice and Development Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who introduced a 
series of new reforms. 
Status as of today:
Turkey restricts religious rights of Christians and converts. Their murder is indirectly 
encouraged. Millions of Kurds, Assyrians, Alevies, Yezidies and other minorities have no 
status. Women in Turkey are often subjected to “honour” killings and employment 
discrimination. 
Turkey occupies 37% of Cyprus with half of its Capital Nicosia and refuses to recognise 
the Republic of Cyprus.  
Search Turkish history and compare...
What is expected from a country that murders its intellectuals and journalists for uttering 
a word... “Genocide”... Not forgetting to honour those same murderers.... What is 
expected from a country that restricts speech, jails and fines its authors, pressmen, 
thinkers for daring to think and “insulting Turkishness”, and regards all minorities as 
“Turks”... With centuries of unrepentant murders and violations, is Turkey fit to enter the 
European Union? Or is it still “The sick man of Europe”.
All EU and national level parliamentarians who supports EU membership for Turkey 
should travel to the Turkish countryside, wear a sweater with a cross, and see how long 
before it takes before they are beaten or gets murdered. Then he will bear witness 
himself how “tolerant” Turkish Muslims are…
Current situation in Turkey will continue in another section.
Sources: Written by Hay Brountsk, 
1. Are the Turks European?: B. Munnich
2. The Decline and Fall of the Ottoman Empire: Alan Palmer
3. Abdul Hamid II, The Red Sultan: K. Yazejian
4. A History of the Armenian People, Volume II: George A. Bournoutian
5. Haykakan Harts Encyclopedia
6. Seljuk, Tatar, Turkish History: P. Yeghyaian

