# 1.17 Jihadi Genocides of Christians in the Ottoman Empire and Turkey - The Armenian, Greek and Assyrian Genocides

> 原文页码: 159-173

bride’s virginity, and the land tenancy was seen as a form of dowry given in exchange for 
the sexual services rendered.
Source:
http://auspsa.anu.edu.au/proceedings/2001/Politics_and_Gender_Papers.htm
1.17 Jihadi Genocides of Christians in the Ottoman Empire and Turkey - The 
Armenian, Greek and Assyrian Genocides
On 7 June 2006 Stephen Pound, member of the British House of Commons linked the 
case of the Ottoman Greeks with the Armenians and Assyrians claiming that "3.5 million 
of the historic Christian population of Assyrians, Armenians and Greeks then living in the 
Ottoman empire had been murdered, starved to death or slaughtered - or exiled by 
1923."
I will be covering these three Genocides briefly.
Armenian Genocide - 1915-1918 - 1,500,000+ Deaths 
The genocide of the Armenians was a jihad. No rayas (non-Muslim dhimmis under 
Ottoman rule) took part in it. Despite the disapproval of many Muslim Turks and Arabs, 
and their refusal to collaborate in the crime, these massacres were perpetrated solely by 
Muslims and they alone profited from the booty: the victims' property, houses, and lands 
granted to the muhajirun, and the allocation to them of women and child slaves. The 
elimination of male children over the age of twelve was in accordance with the 
commandments of the Jihad and conformed to the age fixed for the payment of the Jizya. 
The four stages of the liquidation- deportation, enslavement, forced conversion, and 
massacre- reproduced the historic conditions of the Jihad carried out in the dar-al-harb 
from the seventh century on. Chronicles from a variety of sources, by Muslim authors in 
particular, give detailed descriptions of the organised massacres or deportation of 
captives, whose sufferings in forced marches behind the armies paralleled the Armenian 
experience in the twentieth century. As in all Jihads the mosques were a central rallying 
point where the mullahs and government officials agitated for Jihad. The activity of mass 
murders, systematic rapes, plunders and enslavements therefore naturally peaked each 
Friday where everyone felt fully motivated after the weekly pep talk. 
The Armenian Genocide, the first genocide of the 20th Century, occurred when two 
million Armenians living in Turkey were eliminated from their historic homeland through 
forced deportations and massacres.
For three thousand years, a thriving Armenian community had existed inside the vast 
region of the Middle East bordered by the Black, Mediterranean and Caspian Seas. The 
area, known as Asia Minor, stands at the crossroads of three continents; Europe, Asia 
and Africa. Great powers rose and fell over the many centuries and the Armenian 
homeland was at various times ruled by Persians, Greeks, Romans, Byzantines, Arabs 
and Mongols.
Despite the repeated invasions and occupations, Armenian pride and cultural identity 
never wavered. The snow-capped peak of Mount Ararat became its focal point and by 600 
BC Armenia as a nation sprang into being. Following the advent of Christianity, Armenia 
became the very first nation to accept it as the state religion. A golden era of peace and 
prosperity followed which saw the invention of a distinct alphabet, a flourishing of 
literature, art, commerce, and a unique style of architecture. By the 10th century, 
Armenians had established a new capital at Ani, affectionately called the 'city of a 
thousand and one churches.'
In the eleventh century, the first Turkish invasion of the Armenian homeland occurred. 
Thus began several hundred years of rule by Muslim Turks. By the sixteenth century, 
Armenia had been absorbed into the vast and mighty Ottoman Empire. At its peak, this 
Turkish empire included much of Southeast Europe, North Africa, and almost all of the 
Middle East.
But by the 1800s the once powerful Ottoman Empire was in serious decline. For 
centuries, it had spurned technological and economic progress, while the nations of 
Europe had embraced innovation and became industrial giants. Turkish armies had once 
been virtually invincible. Now, they lost battle after battle to modern European armies.
As the empire gradually disintegrated, formerly subject peoples including the Greeks, 
Serbs and Romanians achieved their long-awaited independence. Only the Armenians 
and the Arabs of the Middle East remained stuck in the backward and nearly bankrupt 
empire, now under the autocratic rule of Sultan Abdul Hamid.
By the 1890s, young Armenians began to press for political reforms, calling for a 
constitutional government, the right to vote and an end to discriminatory practices such 
as “Jizya” - special taxes levied solely against them because they were Christians. The 
despotic Sultan responded to their pleas with brutal persecutions. Between 1894 and 
1896 over 100,000 inhabitants of Armenian villages were massacred during widespread 
pogroms conducted by the Sultan's special regiments.
But the Sultan's days were numbered. In July 1908, reform-minded Turkish nationalists 
known as "Young Turks" forced the Sultan to allow a constitutional government and 
guarantee basic rights. The Young Turks were ambitious junior officers in the Turkish 
Army who hoped to halt their country's steady decline.
Armenians in Turkey were delighted with this sudden turn of events and its prospects for 
a brighter future. Both Turks and Armenians held jubilant public rallies attended with 
banners held high calling for freedom, equality and justice.
However, their hopes were dashed when three of the Young Turks seized full control of 
the government via a coup in 1913. This triumvirate of Young Turks, consisting of 
Mehmed Talaat, Ismail Enver and Ahmed Djemal, came to wield dictatorial powers and 
concocted their own ambitious plans for the future of Turkey. They wanted to unite all of 
the Turkic peoples in the entire region while expanding the borders of Turkey eastward 
across the Caucasus all the way into Central Asia. This would create a new Turkish 
empire, a "great and eternal land" called Turan with one language and Islam as the only 
religion.
Turkey
1913 – 2 million Armenians (10% of total population)
Total population 20 million.
But there was a big problem. The traditional historic homeland of Armenia lay right in the 
path of their plans to expand eastward. And on that land was a large population of 
Christian Armenians totalling some two million persons, making up about 10 percent of 
Turkey's overall population.
Along with the Young Turk's newfound "Turanism" there was a dramatic rise in Islamic 
fundamentalist agitation throughout Turkey. Christian Armenians were once again 
branded as infidels (non-believers in Islam). Young Islamic extremists, sometimes 
leading to violence, staged anti-Armenian demonstrations. During one such outbreak in 
1909, two hundred villages were plundered and over 30,000 persons massacred in the 
Cilicia district on the Mediterranean coast. Throughout Turkey, sporadic local attacks 
against Armenians continued unchecked over the next several years.
There were also big cultural differences between Armenians and Turks. The Armenians 
had always been one of the best-educated communities within the old Turkish Empire. 
Armenians were the professionals in society, the businessmen, lawyers, doctors and 
skilled craftsmen. And they were more open to new scientific, political and social ideas 
from the West (Europe and America). Children of wealthy Armenians went to Paris, 
Geneva or even to America to complete their education.
By contrast, the majority of Turks were illiterate peasant farmers and small shopkeepers. 
Leaders of the Ottoman Empire had traditionally placed little value on education and not 
a single institute of higher learning could be found within their old empire. The various 
autocratic and despotic rulers throughout the empire's history had valued loyalty and 
blind obedience above all. Their uneducated subjects had never heard of democracy or 
liberalism and thus had no inclination toward political reform. But this was not the case 
with the better-educated Armenians who sought political and social reforms that would 
improve life for themselves and Turkey's other minorities.
The Young Turks decided to glorify the virtues of simple Turkish peasantry at the expense 
of the Armenians in order to capture peasant loyalty. They exploited the religious, 
cultural, economic and political differences between Turks and Armenians so that the 
average Turk came to regard Armenians as strangers among them.
When World War I broke out in 1914, leaders of the Young Turk regime sided with the 
Central Powers (Germany and Austria-Hungary). The outbreak of war would provide the 
perfect opportunity to solve the "Armenian question" once and for all. The world's 
attention became fixed upon the battlegrounds of France and Belgium where the young 
men of Europe were soon falling dead by the hundreds of thousands. The Eastern Front 
eventually included the border between Turkey and Russia. With war at hand, unusual 
measures involving the civilian population would not seem too out of the ordinary.
As a prelude to the coming action, Turks disarmed the entire Armenian population under 
the pretext that the people were naturally sympathetic toward Christian Russia. Every 
last rifle and pistol was forcibly seized, with severe penalties for anyone who failed to 
turn in a weapon. Quite a few Armenian men actually purchased a weapon from local 
Turks or Kurds (nomadic Muslim tribesmen) at very high prices so they would have 
something to turn in.
At this time, about forty thousand Armenian men were serving in the Turkish Army. In 
the fall and winter of 1914, all of their weapons were confiscated and they were put into 
slave labour battalions building roads or were used as human pack animals. Under the 
brutal work conditions they suffered a very high death rate. Those who survived would 
soon be shot outright. For the time had come to move against the Armenians.
The decision to annihilate the entire population came directly from the ruling triumvirate 
of ultra-nationalist Young Turks. The actual extermination orders were transmitted in 
coded telegrams to all provincial governors throughout Turkey. Armed roundups began on 
the evening of April 24, 1915, as 300 Armenian political leaders, educators, writers, 
clergy and dignitaries in Constantinople (present day Istanbul) were taken from their 
homes, briefly jailed and tortured, then hanged or shot.
Next, there were mass arrests of Armenian men throughout the country by Turkish 
soldiers, police agents and bands of Turkish volunteers. The men were tied together with 
ropes in small groups then taken to the outskirts of their town and shot dead or 
bayoneted by death squads. Local Turks and Kurds armed with knives and sticks often 
joined in on the killing.
Then it was the turn of Armenian women, children, and the elderly. On very short notice, 
they were ordered to pack a few belongings and be ready to leave home, under the 
pretext that they were being relocated to a non-military zone for their own safety. They 
were actually being taken on death marches heading south toward the Syrian Desert.
Muslim Turks who assumed instant ownership of everything quickly occupied most of the 
homes and villages left behind by the rousted Armenians. In many cases, local Turks who 
took them from their families spared young Armenian children from deportation. The 
children were coerced into denouncing Christianity and becoming Muslims, and were then 
given new Turkish names. For Armenian boys the forced conversion meant they each had 
to endure painful circumcision as required by Islamic custom.
Turkish gendarmes escorted individual caravans consisting of thousands of deported 
Armenians. These guards allowed roving government units of hardened criminals known 
as the "Special Organisation" to attack the defenceless people, killing anyone they 
pleased. They also encouraged Kurdish bandits to raid the caravans and steal anything 
they wanted. In addition, an extraordinary amount of sexual abuse and rape of girls and 
young women occurred at the hands of the Special Organisation and Kurdish bandits. 
Most of the attractive young females were kidnapped for a life of involuntary servitude.
The death marches during the Armenian Genocide, involving over a million Armenians, 
covered hundreds of miles and lasted months. Indirect routes through mountains and 
wilderness areas were deliberately chosen in order to prolong the ordeal and to keep the 
caravans away from Turkish villages.
Food supplies being carried by the people quickly ran out and they were usually denied 
further food or water. Anyone stopping to rest or lagging behind the caravan was 
mercilessly beaten until they rejoined the march. If they couldn't continue they were 
shot. A common practice was to force all of the people in the caravan to remove every 
stitch of clothing and have them resume the march in the nude under the scorching sun 
until they dropped dead by the roadside from exhaustion and dehydration.
An estimated 75 percent of the Armenians on these marches perished, especially children 
and the elderly. Those who survived the ordeal were herded into the desert without a 
drop of water. Being thrown off cliffs, burned alive, or drowned in rivers.
During the Armenian Genocide, the Turkish countryside became littered with 
decomposing corpses. At one point, Mehmed Talaat responded to the problem by sending 
a coded message to all provincial leaders: "I have been advised that in certain areas 
unburied corpses are still to be seen. I ask you to issue the strictest instructions so that 
the corpses and their debris in your vilayet are buried."
But his instructions were generally ignored. Those involved in the mass murder showed 
little interest in stopping to dig graves. The roadside corpses and emaciated deportees 
were a shocking sight to foreigners working in Turkey. Eyewitnesses included German 
government liaisons, American missionaries, and U.S. diplomats stationed in the country.
During the Armenian Genocide, the Christian missionaries were often threatened with 
death and were unable to help the people. Diplomats from the still neutral United States 
communicated their blunt assessments of the ongoing government actions. U.S. 
ambassador to Turkey, Henry Morgenthau, reported to Washington: "When the Turkish 
authorities gave the orders for these deportations, they were merely giving the death 
warrant to a whole race..."
The Allied Powers (Great Britain, France and Russia) responded to news of the massacres 
by issuing a warning to Turkey: "...the Allied governments announce publicly...that they 
will hold all the members of the Ottoman Government, as well as such of their agents as 
are implicated, personally responsible for such matters."
The warning had no effect. Newspapers in the West including the New York Times 
published reports of the continuing deportations with the headlines: Armenians Are Sent 
to Perish in the Desert - Turks Accused of Plan to Exterminate Whole Population (August 
18, 1915) - Million Armenians Killed or in Exile - American Committee on Relief Says 
Victims of Turks Are Steadily Increasing - Policy of Extermination (December 15, 1915).
Temporary relief for some Armenians came as Russian troops attacked along the Eastern 
Front and made their way into central Turkey. But the troops withdrew in 1917 upon the 
Russian Revolution. Armenian survivors withdrew along with them and settled in among 
fellow Armenians already living in provinces of the former Russian Empire. There were in 
total about 500,000 Armenians gathered in this region.
In May 1918, Turkish armies attacked the area to achieve the goal of expanding Turkey 
eastward into the Caucasus and also to resume the annihilation of the Armenians. As 
many as 100,000 Armenians may have fallen victim to the advancing Turkish troops.
However, the Armenians managed to acquire weapons and they fought back, finally 
repelling the Turkish invasion at the battle of Sardarabad, thus saving the remaining 
population from total extermination with no help from the outside world. Following that 
victory, Armenian leaders declared the establishment of the independent Republic of 
Armenia.
World War I ended in November 1918 with a defeat for Germany and the Central Powers 
including Turkey. Shortly before the war had ended, the Young Turk triumvirate; Talaat, 
Enver and Djemal, abruptly resigned their government posts and fled to Germany where 
they had been offered asylum.
In the months that followed, repeated requests by Turkey’s new moderate government 
and the Allies were made asking Germany to send the Young Turks back home to stand 
trial. However all such requests were turned down. As a result, Armenian activists took 
matters into their own hands, located the Young Turks and assassinated them along with 
two other instigators of the mass murder.
Meanwhile, representatives from the fledgling Republic of Armenia attended the Paris 
Peace Conference in the hope that the victorious Allies would give them back their 
historic lands seized by Turkey. The European Allies responded to their request by asked 
the United States to assume guardianship of the new Republic. However, President 
Woodrow Wilson's attempt to make Armenia an official U.S. protectorate was rejected by 
the U.S. Congress in May 1920.
But Wilson did not give up on Armenia. As a result of his efforts, the Treaty of Sevres was 
signed on August 10, 1920 by the Allied Powers, the Republic of Armenia, and the new 
moderate leaders of Turkey. The treaty recognised an independent Armenian state in an 
area comprising much of the former historic homeland.
However, Turkish nationalism once again reared its head. The moderate Turkish leaders 
who signed the treaty were ousted in favour of a new nationalist leader, Mustafa Kemal, 
who simply refused to accept the treaty and even re-occupied the very lands in question 
then expelled any surviving Armenians, including thousands of orphans.
No Allied power came to the aid of the Armenian Republic and it collapsed. Only a tiny 
portion of the easternmost area of historic Armenia survived by being becoming part of 
the Soviet Union.
After the successful obliteration of the people of historic Armenia during the Armenian 
Genocide, the Turks demolished any remnants of Armenian cultural heritage including 
priceless masterpieces of ancient architecture, old libraries and archives. The Turks even 
leveled entire cities such as the once thriving Kharpert, Van and the ancient capital at 
Ani, to remove all traces of the three thousand year old civilisation.
Referring to the Armenian Genocide, the young German politician Adolf Hitler duly noted 
the half-hearted reaction of the world’s great powers to the plight of the Armenians. After 
achieving total power in Germany, Hitler decided to conquer Poland in 1939 and told his 
generals: "Thus for the time being I have sent to the East only my 'Death's Head Units' 
with the orders to kill without pity or mercy all men, women, and children of Polish race 
or language. Only in such a way will we win the vital space that we need. Who still talks 
nowadays about the Armenians?"
Source: 
http://www.unitedhumanrights.org/Genocide/armenian_genocide.htm
Armenian Genocide - Quotes
Talat Pasha: 6/1/1915 – “Turkey is taking advantage of the war in order to thoroughly 
liquidate (grundlich aufzaumen) its internal foes, i.e., the indigenous Christians, without 
being thereby disturbed by foreign intervention.”
“What on earth do you want? The question is settled. There are no more Armenians.”
Jemal Pasha: “800 000 Armenian deportees were actually killed... by holding the guilty 
accountable the government is intent on cleansing the bloody past.” I am ashamed of my 
nation”
Enver Pasha: 5/19/1916 – “The Ottoman Empire should be cleaned up of the 
Armenians and the Lebanese. We have destroyed the former by the sword, we shall 
destroy the latter through starvation.”
“You are greatly mistaken. We have this country absolutely under our control. I have no 
desire to shift the blame onto our underlings and I am entirely willing to accept the 
responsibility myself for everything that has taken place.”
Prince Abdul Mecid: I refer to those awful massacres. They are the greatest stain that 
has ever disgraced our nation and race. They were entirely the work of Talat and Enver. I 
heard some days before they began that they were intended..
“I went to Istanbul and insisted on seeing Enver. I asked him if it was true that they 
intended to recommence the massacres which had been our shame and disgrace under 
Abdul Hamid. The only reply I could get from him was: It is decided: It is the program.”
Damad Ferid Pasha: He described the treatment of the Armenians as; “A crime that 
drew the revulsion of the entire humankind.”
Mustafa Arif: 12/13/1918 – “Surely a few Armenians aided and abetted our enemy, 
and a few Armenian Deputies committed crimes against the Turkish nation... it is 
incumbent upon a government to pursue the guilty ones. Unfortunately, our wartime 
leaders, imbued with a spirit of brigandage, carried out the law of deportation in a 
manner that could surpass the proclivities of the most bloodthirsty bandits. They decided 
to exterminate the Armenians, and they did exterminate them.”
Mustafa Kemal “Ataturk”: 8/1/1926 – “These left-over from the former Young Turk 
Party, who should have been made to account for the millions of our Christian subjects 
who were ruthlessly driven en masse, from their homes and massacred, have been 
restive under the Republican rule.”
German Quotes: 
Hans Freiherr von Wangenheim: 6/17/1915 – Deportation of the Armenians from 
their homes in the vilayets of Eastern Anatolia, and their resettlement in other regions is 
implemented cruelly... it becomes obvious that deportation of the Armenians arises not 
only from military necessity, the internal minister Talat Bey told about it honestly to 
Doctor Mortsman, who is employed at the Empire Embassy now. Talat said: “The Sublime 
Porte intends to make use of the world war for cleaning the whole country from internal 
enemies, the local Christians, so that foreign countries won’t hinder doing it by their 
diplomatic interference. This measure will serve to the interests of all allies of Turkey, 
especially the Germans...”
Count Wolff-Metternich: 7/10/1916 – “In its attempt to carry out its purpose to 
resolve the Armenian question by the destruction of the Armenian race, the Turkish 
government has refused to be deterred neither by our representations, nor by those of 
the American Embassy, nor by the delegate of the Pope, nor by the threats of the Allied 
Powers, nor in deference to the public opinion of the West representing one-half of the 
world.”
Adolf Hitler: 8/2/1939 – “I have placed my death-head formations in readiness – for 
the present only in the East – with orders to them to send to death mercilessly and 
without compassion, men, women, and children of Polish derivation and language. Only 
thus shall we gain the living space (Lebensraum) which we need. Who, after all, speaks 
today of the annihilation of the Armenians?”
British Quotes:
Viscount James Bryce: 10/6/1915 – “The massacres are the result of a policy which, 
as far as can be ascertained, has been entertained for some considerable time by the 
gang of unscrupulous adventurers who are now in possession of the Government of the 
Turkish Empire. They hesitated to put it in practice until they thought the favourable 
moment had come, and that moment seems to have arrived about the month of April.”
Viscount James Bryce: 5/11/1918 – “The Armenian massacre was the greatest crime 
of the war, and the failure to act against Turkey is to condone it... ...the failure to deal 
radically with the Turkish horror means that all talk of guaranteeing the future peace of 
the world is mischievous nonsense.”
Lord Robert Cecil: 11/16/1915 – “I think it may be said, without the least fear of 
exaggeration, that no more horrible crime has been committed in the history of the 
world. This is a premeditative crime determined on long ago. It was a long-considered, 
deliberate policy to destroy and wipe out of existence the Armenians in Turkey. It was 
systematically carried out. It was ordered from the above..”
Winston Chuchill: “In 1915 the Turkish Government began and ruthlessly carried out 
the infamous general massacre and deportation of Armenians in Asia Minor. There is no 
reasonable doubt that this crime was planned and executed for political reasons.”
American Quotes:
Henry Morgenthau Sr.: 1/1/1919 – “When the Turkish authorities gave the orders for 
these deportations, they were merely giving the death warrant to a whole race; they 
understood this well, and, in their conversations with me, they made no particular 
attempt to conceal the fact. I am confident that the whole history of the human race 
contains no such horrible episode as this. The gr6eat massacres and persecutions of the 
past seem almost insignificant when compared to the sufferings of the Armenian race in 
1915.”
Ronald Reagan: 4/22/1981 – “Like the genocide of the Armenians before it, and the 
genocide of the Cambodians which followed it, ... the lessons of the Holocaust must 
never be forgotten.”
Russian Quotes:
S. D. Sazonov: I had to refer to the unprecedented sufferings of this unfortunate nation 
before. Under the favourable control of the allied Germany, the Turks evidently intend to 
fulfil their long-standing dream to exterminate the Armenians which do not submit to the 
influence of the Muslims and the hinder the plans of Germany to subdue the Turkish 
Empire in economy and politics...
Envoy Smirnov from Cairo: 6/25/1915 – “Cruelties committed against the Armenians 
in Syria and neighbouring vilayets, violations, massacres and very often mass slaughter 
of the population of the Armenian villages are constantly repeated; families are cruelly 
separated, wives are separated from husbands, children are separated from parents, and 
all of them are exiled in various directions. Especially the Armenian clergy are pursued 
cruelly; the priests are haunted, tortured, their nails are pulled out.”
Israeli Quotes:
Yossi Beilin: 4/27/1994 – “It was not war. It was most certainly massacre and 
genocide, something the world must remember... We will always reject any attempt to 
erase its record, even for some political advantage.”
Other Quotes:
Valery Brusov: 1916 – “Turks continued their previous policy. They would not stop to 
commit massive and most awful massacres that even Leng Timur would not dare to do.”
Prof. Stanley Cohen: 12/1/1995 – “The nearest successful example (of collective 
denial) in the modern era is the 80 years of official denial by successive Turkish 
governments of the 1915-17 genocide against the Armenians in which 1,5 million people 
lost their lives. This denial has been sustained by deliberate propaganda, lying and cover-
ups, forging documents, suppression of archives, and bribing scholars.”
Prof. Colin Tatz: 1/1/1996 – “The Turkish denial (of the Armenian Genocide) is 
probably the foremost example of historical perversion. With a mix of academic 
sophistication and diplomatic thuggery of which we at Macquarie University have been 
targets, the Turks have put both memory and history into reverse gear.”
Orhan Pamuk: Feb/2005 – “ one million Armenians were killed in these lands and 
nobody but me dares to talk about it.”
Rep. Adam Schiff: 2007 – “The legacy of the Armenian Genocide is woven into the 
fabric of America. So let us call genocide, genocide. Let us not minimise the deliberate 
murder of 1,5 million people. Let us have a moral victory that can shine as a light to all 
nations.”
The Muslim world along with the US and UK does not recognise these atrocities 
as a Genocide
Although there has been much academic recognition of the Armenian Genocide, this has 
far from always been followed by governments and media.
Despite Turkish denials and blackmail, the Armenian Genocide is unanimously verified by 
the International Association of Genocide Scholars and accepted by any nation that 
upholds moral responsibility above political gain. 
Even today, the United States, Great Britain, Turkey and the rest of the Muslim World 
have refused to recognise the Armenian Genocide. 
Obviously, Muslim countries will rarely condemn state or small scale Jihad but it’s very 
apparent what kind of nobleness, loyalty and ethics the British and US government value 
and have done continuously throughout the 1900th century (only driven by self interest). 
It should be noted though that the American people through their representatives on 
state level have made a lot more effort in condemning this as Genocide (40 out of 50 
states).
Source: Hay Brountsk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx1M82JsbbQ
Greek Jihadi Genocide 1914-23
During the years 1914-1923, whilst the attention of the international community focused 
on the turmoil and aftermath of the First World War, the indigenous Greek minority of the 
Ottoman Empire, the Republic of Turkey's predecessor, was subjected to a centrally-
organised, premeditated and systematic policy of annihilation. This genocide, 
orchestrated to ensure an irreversible end to the collective existence of Turkey's Greek 
population, was perpetrated by two consecutive governments; the Committee for Union 
and Progress, better known as the Young Turks, and the nationalist Kemalists led by 
Mustafa Kemal "Atatürk". A lethal combination of internal deportations involving death 
marches, forced conversions to Islam, torture, mutilation, rape, enslavement and 
massacres conducted throughout Ottoman Turkey resulted in the death of one million 
Ottoman Greeks. The International Association of Genocide Scholars, an organisation of 
the world’s foremost experts on genocide, have affirmed the Ottoman Greek Genocide.
Many of the victims were massacred in bulks as early as 1895 (much earlier than the 
World War I) and up to 1955 (much after the World War II). The present estimate is that 
some 1.400.000 Greek children, men and women of all ages were killed during that 
period.
In the same places and often at the same time, the Turks tortured and massacred 
millions of Armenians and Assyrians of all ages. The fact that the three nations were 
victims of the same Jihadi extermination policy is another proof of each of the three 
Genocides. It was not a "war", it was not a "revolt". It was a planned effort of 
extermination.[1][2]
Dr. William C. King's article "1,500,000 Greek Christians Massacred or Deported by 
Turks", published in King's Complete History of the World War (1922), covers the 
genocidal experiences of Ottoman Greeks up to 1918:
The article[3]:
1,500,000 Greek Christians Massacred or Deported by Turks
Systematic Attempt to Extinguish the Hellenic Race Inspired by Pagan Germany
Section 19- 1918
Under the tuition of pagan Germany, the unspeakable Turks attempted to destroy 
the large and flourishing Greek Christian populations that, from time immemorial, 
have dwelt along the coast of Asia Minor and the Marmoran coast in Thrace. 
The Mahometans (Muslims) tore these Christians from their ancestral homes, 
confiscated all their property, and deported them variously into the interior of the 
Asia Minor, into the Turkish pale, or over the burning desert sands to far off 
Mesopotmaia. It is estimated that 1,500,000 Greeks were thus deported into 
desolate regions where they died off like flies of starvation of disease.
On this dreadful journey 700,000 are known to have perished. The survivors 
found themselves without shelter or food in a strange land and subjected to every 
indignity and torture which the abominable Turks, and their pagan German allies, 
could devise. These among the Greeks who would agree to abjure 
Christianity and adopt the faith of Islam were spared [My emphasis]; the 
rest were left to starve.
The wholesale deportation of the Greeks from Thrace had been under way since 
the close of the Balkan Wars in 1913. It accorded not at all with Germany’s ideas 
of Oriental conquest to permit these Greeks to remain in European Turkey. The 
Turks were consequently instructed to extirpate the Greeks in any way they might 
choose.
In justification of these wholesale deportations, the Turks falsely alleged that the 
Hellenic populations of Thrace and the Asian coast were plotting revolution. The 
first deportations, numbering 250,000, were from Thrace into Greece proper. This 
persecution continued unabated up to the opening of the War. In this period the 
Greek Government did everything possible to protect their co-nationals, but after 
the World War had begun, King Constantine and his German wive (the sister of 
Kaiser Wilhelm of Germany), impeded every attempt made to ameliorate the lot of 
the exiled Hellenes. The bishop of Pera, after journeying to Athens to implore the 
King to take some action against the Turkish atrocities, was warned by the Queen 
to return to his home, “as it is the will of the King that you live on good terms with 
the Turks.”
All this time the German agencies in Turkey, especially the German Palestine 
Bank, were urging the Mussulmans to cultivate hatred for the Christians and to 
have no commercial dealings with them. 
The Bulgarian-Ottoman(Turkish) Plot
Bulgaria, half Turkish itself, entered into the plot to exterminate the Greek 
Christian race, by signing a pact with the Ottoman Empire, at Adrianople in June, 
1915. Under this agreement Bulgaria consented (1) to the establishment of a 
Turco-Bulgar commercial union as the complement of the political union, (2) the 
seizure of the commerce of the Orient from the hands of the Greeks, (3) the 
establishment in the Orient of Moslem agencies for the importation and 
exportation of goods for the exclusive use of Moslems, who were to break of all 
commercial relations with the Greeks, (4) a restriction of the privileges of the 
Greek Patriarch and his ecclesiastical jurisdiction, (5) the prohibition of the 
teaching of Greek in future, (6) the conversion by force of the people in the 
Christian settlements and the imposition of mixed marriages. [My 
emphasis]
Germany the Author of the Massacres
Herr Lepsius, a German Envoy who had been sent to Constantinople on a special 
mission in July, 1915, acknowledged that the Greek and Armenian massacres 
were two phases of a single progra66m of extermination of the Christian 
elements, intended to make Turkey a purely Moslem state.
That Germany was the author and inspiration of these massacres of Christians 
became known in 1917. The Greek Minister at Constantinople, M. Kallerghis, had 
protested the Turkish Grand Vizier, Talaat Bey, against the deportations of the 
Greeks in the Aival district. Talaat Bey promised to telegraph to the German 
General Liman von Sanders, telling him to cease the deportations. Von Sanders, 
who was in fact Commander-in-Chief of all the Turkish forces, replied that if the 
deportations ceased, he would not guarantee the safety of the Turkish Army, 
adding that the had referred the matter to the German Grand Headquarters Staff, 
who entirely approved of his action. 
Greeks Drafted into the Turkish Army
The persecution of the Greek Christians, under their German-Turkish master, was 
carried out with devilish ingenuity. All their privileges were abolished. After an 
enrollmment of Christians, there was a levy of “contributions”. Then the forcible 
conversion of Christians to Islamism was attempted. Deportations and massacres 
followed. Meanwhile the Turkish language supplanted the Greek language in all 
the schools; Turkish geography and history, instead of Greek, were taught; the 
Patriarchy was abolished. All property held by the Greek civil and religious 
communities were confiscated and became the property of the Turkish State. 
On Turkey’s entry into the War, a decree was signed and promulgated which 
rendered all men up to the age of 48 liable for military service. The Christians 
ghus drafted into the armies of the Turks were for the most part formed into 
labour battalions and sent hundreds of miles into the interior, where they 
employed in road-making, building, tunnel excavating and in field work for the 
rich pashas. Their daily ration was half a loaf of black bread, eked out with a little 
dried fish or olives. Driven like slaves and under-nourished, they died by tens of 
thousands. Whole battalions succumbed to the ravages of typhus and cholera. 
Many thousands were massacred by their inhuman Turkish guards. Of these Greek 
battalions it is estimated 150,000 died. 
Fortunes of Christians Confiscated
Some hundreds of thousands of Hellenes from Thrace and Asia Minor managed to 
escape into Greece, where they subsequently fought in the Greek armies. Their 
desertion was the signal for other Turkish atrocities. The property of all deserters 
was duly seized and families were deported to the interior. In the district of 
Kerassunda, from which 300 Greeks had escaped, the Turks in reprisal burned 88 
villages to the ground. Thirty thousand inhabitants, mostly women and children, 
were obliged to march in mid-winter to Angora. On the way, 7,000 died of 
exposure.
Meanwhile, the fortunes of many rich Christian were confiscated, and stores were 
completely pillaged. Christians were forced under threats of violence and 
imprisonment, to contribute large sums for the support of the Turkish Army and 
Navy, in addition to their usual heavy taxes. 
Finally, under a system of compulsory labour, the Christians were obliged to 
cultivate the lands of the Moslems, but no time was allowed them to cultivate their 
own fields. If discovered harvesting their own crops a cordon would be placed 
around the village, the water supply cut off and the people were deprived of food 
and drink. 
After a few days of such torture, a band of Bashi-Bazouks were sent into the 
villages to pillage and murder. The populations were given the choice of being 
deported over the mountains, to places hundreds of miles distant, or of suffering a 
lingering death from hunger and thirst. These deportations, begun in 1915, 
reached a total of 450,000 during the period of the War.
During these tragic pilgrimages the poor barefooted Greeks, beaten by guards, 
attacked by brigands, never resting, lacking food and water, wandered on to their 
distant destinations. Thousands died by the wayside of fatigue and suffering. 
While in transit, many mothers gave birth to infants, but they were compelled to 
leave them by the road-side and rejoin the marching columns. En route they were 
forbidden to enter the villages to purchase food. 
Hundreds of young girls were detained by the Turks and forcibly 
“converted” to Islamism. At Panderma, the German General, Liman von 
Sanders, built an orphanage for all Christian girls who had been coerced 
into accepting Islam, and compelled the Christian population to 
contribute $50,000 toward its support. [My emphasis]
The Black Sea Colonies
The Greek colonists on the coast of the Black Sea were likewise deported. The 
scourge of the Greeks in this region was the later Governor of Bitlis, Rafet Pasha. 
More than 150,000 Greeks were deported in this district and in Trebizond, and 
upward of 100 Greek villages were destroyed. Hundreds of young Greek girls, 
rather than live as slaves in the harems, committed suicide by drowning. 
[My emphasis]
The Order for Greek Deportations
The deporting orders to the Governor of Smyrna, signed by Ali Riga, the chief of 
the Turkish Bureau of Correspondence, read as follows:
“It is imperative for political reasons that the Greeks dwelling along the coast of 
Asia Minor be compelled to evacuate their villages in order to settle in the villages 
of Erzerum and Chaldea. If they refuse to emigrate to the places assigned to them, 
you should issue verbal instructions to our Mussulman brothers so that they may, 
by all kinds of excesses, compel the Greeks to leave their homes of their own 
accord. Do not, in this case, forget to obtain from these emigrants declarations to 
the effect that they are leaving their hearths and homes of their own free will, so 
that no political complications may later result therefrom.”
The Martyrdom of the Greeks
Half of the deported Greek populations perished in consequence of ill treatment, 
disease and famine, and the survivors suffered continual martyrdom as slaves. 
The Turkish functionaries, with German approval, declared that no Christian 
should be left alive in Turkey unless he consented to embrace Mohammedanism. 
The confiscated fortunes of the deported Greeks surpass in the value 
$1,000,000,000.
Political Recognition
Political recognition of the events as genocide is limited, the only countries officially 
acknowledging them as such being Greece and Cyprus. 
Sources:  
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pontic_Greek_genocide
2. http://www.hellenicgenocide.org/index.html
3. King, William C., King’s Complete History of the World War: Visualizing the Great Conflict in all Theaters of Aciton 1914-1918, 
The history Associates, Massachusetts, 1922 pp.436-438
http://www.greek-genocide.org/article_1500000_greek_christians.html
Assyrian Jihadi Genocide (1914-1920)
The Assyrian Genocide (also known as Sayfo , Turkish: Süryani Soykırımı) was committed 
against the Assyrian and Syriac Christians of the Ottoman Empire near the end of the 
First World War by the leadership of the Young Turks Party. The Assyrian population of 
northern Mesopotamia (Tur Abdin, Hakkari, Van, Siirt region in modern-day southeastern 
Turkey and Urmia region in northwestern Iran) was forcibly relocated and massacred by 
Ottoman (Turkish and Kurdish) forces between 1914 and 1920 under the regime of the 
Young Turks. 
Scholars have placed the number of Assyrian victims at 500,000 to 750,000 (75% of the 
population)[1][2][3][4]
Massacre of Khoi (Eye witness description of one event)
In early 1918, many Assyrians started to flee present-day Turkey. Mar Shimon Benyamin 
had arranged for some 3,500 Assyrians to reside in the district of Khoi. Not long after 
settling in, Kurdish troops of the Ottoman Army massacred the population almost 
entirely. One of the few that survived was Reverend John Eshoo. After escaping, he 
stated [7]:
You have undoubtedly heard of the Assyrian massacre of Khoi, but I am certain you do not 
know the details.
These Assyrians were assembled into one caravansary, and shot to death by guns and 
revolvers. Blood literally flowed in little streams, and the entire open space within the 
caravansary became a pool of crimson liquid. The place was too small to hold all the living 
victims waiting for execution. They were brought in groups, and each new group was 
compelled to stand over the heap of the still bleeding bodies and shot to death. The fearful 
place became literally a human slaughter house, receiving its speechless victims, in groups 
of ten and twenty at a time, for execution.
At the same time, the Assyrians, who were residing in the suburb of the city, were brought 
together and driven into the spacious courtyard of a house [...] The Assyrian refugees were 
kept under guard for eight days, without anything to eat. At last they were removed from 
their place of confinement and taken to a spot prepared for their brutal killing. These 
helpless Assyrians marched like lambs to their slaughter, and they opened not their mouth, 
save by sayings "Lord, into thy hands we commit our spirits. [...]
The executioners began by cutting first the fingers of their victims, join by joint, till the two 
hands were entirely amputated. Then they were stretched on the ground, after the manner 
of the animals that are slain in the Fast, but these with their faces turned upward, and their 
heads resting upon the stones or blocks of wood Then their throats were half cut, so as to 
prolong their torture of dying, and while struggling in the agony of death, the victims were 
kicked and clubbed by heavy poles the murderers carried Many of them, while still 
labouring under the pain of death, were thrown into ditches and buried before their souls 
had expired.
The young men and the able-bodied men were separated from among the very young and 
the old. They were taken some distance from the city and used as targets by the shooters. 
They all fell, a few not mortally wounded. One of the leaders went to the heaps of the fallen 
and shouted aloud, swearing by the names of Islam's prophets that those who had not 
received mortal wounds should rise and depart, as they would not be harmed any more. A 
few, thus deceived, stood up, but only to fall this time killed by another volley from the 
guns of the murderers.
Some of the younger and good looking women, together with a few little girls of attractive 
appearance, pleaded to be killed. Against their will were forced into Islam's harems. Others 
were subjected to such fiendish insults that I cannot possibly describe. Death, however, 
came to their rescue and saved them from the vile passions of the demons. The death toll 
of Assyrians totalled 2,770 men, women and children.
Statement of German Missionaries on Urmia.
The latest news is that four thousand Assyrians and one hundred Armenians have died of 
disease alone, at the mission, within the last five months. All villages in the surrounding 
district with two or three exceptions have been plundered and burnt; twenty thousand 
Christians have been slaughtered in Armenia and its environs. In Haftewan, a village of 
Salmas, 750 corpses without heads have been recovered from the wells and cisterns alone. 
Why? Because the commanding officer had put a price on every Christian head… In Dilman 
crowds of Christians were thrown into prison and driven to accept Islam. [6]
Recognition
The genocide of Assyrians has yet to be officially recognised by any country. The only 
logical reason is that most countries don’t want to risk jeopardising trade relations with 
Turkey.
As an illustration; In June 2008, Yilmaz Kerimo and Ibrahim Baylan both from the 
Swedish Social Democratic Party, brought a bill to the Swedish parliament for the 
recognition of the genocide. The parliament resoundingly voted against it, 37 to 245.
Sources:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assyrian_Genocide
1. The Plight of Religious Minorities: Can Religious Pluralism Survive? - Page 51 by United States Congress 
2. The Armenian Genocide: Wartime Radicalisation Or Premeditated Continuum - Page 272 edited by Richard Hovannisian 
3. Not Even My Name: A True Story - Page 131 by Thea Halo 
4. The Political Dictionary of Modern Middle East by Agnes G. Korbani
6. Abraham Yohannan The Death of a Nation: Or, The Ever Persecuted Nestorians Or Assyrian Christians ISBN 0524062358, pp. 
126–127.
7. Joel Euel Werda. The Flickering Light of Asia: Or, the Assyrian Nation and Church, ch. 26
Assyrian Genocide in Iraq (1933)
The massacre of Christian Assyrian villagers in the town of Simmele, North Iraq, and its 
surroundings was the second[9]. On August 8-11, 1933 the Iraqi army, under the 
leadership of Bakir Sidqi, a Kurd, killed 3000 men, women and children in the village of 
Simmele and its surroundings. This was one of the first acts of the new Iraq, having 
gained its independence from the British in 1932. 
It was this Simmele Massacre which inspired Raphael Lemkin, the author of the UN 
Convention on Genocide, to coin the term Genocide[10].
Assyrian Massacre (1829 Iraq and Syria)
In October, 1829 the Kurdish leader Rwandez initiated a pogrom against Assyrians of the 
Syrian Orthodox Church in North Iraq and Syria. The first village that was attacked was 
Bit-Zabda, where 200 men were killed. Subsequently, the Kurds stormed the Asfas 
village, first slaying the leader, Deacon Rais Arabo, and then Reverend Aziz. Eighty 
children fleeing to a nearby valley were attacked and murdered by the pursuing Kurds. 
The young girls of the village were unclothed. The girls were enslaved while the others 
were shot on-site. The attackers then moved to Nisibin, on the border of Turkey and 
Syria, and repeated similar atrocities.[11]

