# 1.18 Turkey: Back to the Future?

> 原文页码: 174-189

Assyrian Massacre (1842 Turkey)
In 1842 Badr Khan Beg, A Hakkari (southeast Turkey) Kurdish Amir, combined with other 
Kurdish forces led by Nurallah, attacked the Assyrians, intending to burn, kill, destroy, 
and, if possible, exterminate the Assyrians from the mountains. The Kurds destroyed and 
burned whatever came within their reach. An indiscriminate massacre took place. The 
women were brought before the Amir and murdered in cold blood. The aged mother of 
Mar Shimun, the Patriarch of the Church of the East, was seized by them, and after 
having practiced on her the most abominable atrocities, they cut her body into two parts 
and threw it into the river Zab, exclaiming, "go and carry to your accursed son the 
intelligence that the same fate awaits him." Nearly ten thousand Assyrians were 
massacred, and as large a number of woman and children were taken captive, most of 
whom were sent to Jezirah to be sold as slaves, to be bestowed as presents upon the 
influential Muslims.[12]
30 documented Genocides of Christian Assyrians since year 630 A.D. 
Since 630 A.D., the coming of Islam, Assyrians have suffered 30 genocides at the hands 
of Muslims. Subtracting 661 (the first genocide) from 2007 and dividing by 30 yields 45 
years -- the frequency of Assyrian genocides. On average, every second Assyrian 
generation has suffered genocide. [14]
In addition there are most likely hundreds of cases of mass murderings, 
hundreds of thousands of murders.
Sources: 
9. The Simmele Massacre, http://www.aina.org/releases/20040805022140.htm
10. 1933 Assyrian Genocide in Iraq Inspired the Word 'Genocide', http://www.aina.org/news/20070115185021.htm
11. Deacon Asman Alkass Gorgis. Jirah Fi Tarikh Al-syrian, 1980, pp. 14. Translated by Subhi Younan
12. Abraham Yohannan. The Death of a Nation. G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1916, pp. 111-112 http://www.aina.org/reports/ig.pdf 
14. Genocides Against the Assyrian Nation, http://www.aina.org/martyr.html 
1.18 Turkey: Back to the Future?
By Andrew G. Bostom
Once again, Turks are storming the heart of Europe. This time, it is not by the sword, but 
rather in seeking to join the European Union (EU). Once inside the gates, they will gain 
access to the great cities, wealth, and power of their ancient rivals. Smoothing the way 
for incorporation of the former would-be conqueror into borderless Europe is an errant 
belief that Ottoman Turkey was a tolerant multi-cultural civilisation. Nothing could be 
further from the truth. 
Recently, security analyst Frank Gaffney wrote a courageous essay, featured in the 
Washington Times, urging that Turkey's bid to join the EU be rejected. Gaffney 
highlighted the Islamic Shari'a-based religious revival under the current Erdogan regime 
as the keystone to his cogent argument. Despite Gaffney's legitimate concerns regarding 
the current Erdogan government, he reiterates a common, politically-correct canard 
which ignores the direct nexus between Erdogan's ideology, and the goals and behaviours 
of Erdogan's Ottoman ancestors. It is ahistorical to speak of "Ottoman tolerance" as 
distinct from Erdogan's "Islamism", because the Ottoman Empire expanded via three 
centuries of devastating jihad campaigns, and the flimsy concept of Ottoman tolerance 
was, in reality, Ottoman-imposed dhimmitude, under the Shari'a. 
With formal discussions regarding Turkey's potential EU accession currently underway, 
this three part essay will elaborate on several apposite historical phenomena: Jihad and 
dhimmitude under the Ottomans, focusing primarily on Asia Minor and Eastern Europe; 
the failure of the so-called Ottoman Tanzimat reforms to abrogate the system of 
dhimmitude; and the dissolution of this Shari'a state whose bloody, convulsive collapse 
during the first World War included a frank jihad genocide of the Ottoman dhimmi 
population, once considered most loyal to the Empire, i.e., the Armenians. I believe such 
an analysis is particularly timely, in light of a December 2004 United Nations Conference 
which lionised "Ottoman tolerance" as a role model, "… to be adapted even today…" 
[emphasis added], and Gaffney's reiteration of this profoundly flawed conception, despite 
his own bold opposition to Turkey's entry into the EU. 
Part 1 - Jihad Campaigns of the Seljuks and Ottomans
The historian Michael the Syrian (Jacobite Patriarch of Antioch from 1166 to 1199 C.E.) in 
his Chronicle reproducing earlier contemporary sources, made important observations 
regarding events which occurred beginning in the third decade of the 11th century. He 
noted, 
“…the commencement of the exodus of the Turks to…Syria and the coast of Palestine…
[Where] They subdued all the countries by cruel devastation and plunder” [1] 
Subsequently, “Turks and Arabs were mixing together like a single people…Such was the 
rule of the Turks amidst the Arabs” [2] 
Expanding upon this contemporary account, and the vast array of other primary sources- 
Arabic, Turkish, Greek, Latin, Serbian, Bulgarian, and Hungarian. [3] Bat Ye’or concludes, 
[4]
…the two waves of Muslim expansion, the Arab from the seventh century, and the Turkish 
four centuries later- are remarkably similar…The great Arab and Turkish conquerors used 
the same military tactics and the same policies of consolidating Islamic power. This 
continuity resulted from the fact that the conquests took place within the framework of the 
common ideology of jihad and the administrative and juridical apparatus of the shari’a- a 
uniformity that defies time, since it adapts itself to diverse lands and peoples, being 
integrated into the internal coherence of a political theology. In the course of their military 
operations, the Turks applied to the conquered populations the rules of jihad, which had 
been structured four centuries earlier by the Arabs and enshrined in Islamic religious law.
The Seljuk and Ottoman jihad campaigns were spearheaded by “Ghazi” (from the word 
ghazwa or “razzia”) movements, “Warriors of the Faith”, brought together under the 
banner of Islam to fight infidels, and obtain booty. Wittek [5] and Vryonis [6] have 
stressed the significance of this movement, in its Seljuk incarnation, at the most critical 
frontier of Islam during the 11th and 12th centuries, i.e., eastern Anatolia. Vryonis notes, 
[7]
When the Arab traveler al-Harawi passed through these border regions in the second half of 
the 12th century, he noted the existence of a shrine on the Byzantine-Turkish borders (near 
Afyon-Karahisar) which was reported to be the tomb of the Muslim martyr Abu Muhammd 
al-Battal, and at Amorium the tombs of those who fell in the celebrated siege of the city in 
838. These constitute fascinating testimony to the fact that the ghazi-jihad tradition was 
closely intertwined into the nomadic society of Phrygia. Not only was there evidence of a 
nomadic invasion but also of an epic society in its heroic age, and it is from this milieu that 
the Turkish epics were shaped: the Battalname, the Danishmendname, and the 
Dusturname.
Wittek, citing the oldest known Ottoman source, the versified chronicle of Ahmedi, 
maintains that the 14th century Ottomans believed they too, 
“were a community of Ghazis, of champions of the Mohammedan religion; a community of 
the Moslem march- warriors, devoted to the struggle with the infidels in their 
neighbourhood” [8]. 
The contemporary Turkish scholar of Ottoman history, Halil Inalcik, has also emphasised 
the importance of Muslim religious zeal- expressed through jihad- as a primary 
motivation for the conquests of the Ottoman Turks: [9]
The ideal of gaza, Holy War, was an important factor in the foundation and development of 
the Ottoman state. Society in the frontier principalities conformed to a particular cultural 
pattern imbued with the ideal of continuous Holy War and continuous expansion of the Dar 
ul Islam-the realms of Islam- until they covered the whole world.
Incited by pious Muslim theologians, these ghazis were at the vanguard of both the 
Seljuk and Ottoman jihad conquests. Vacalopoulos highlights the role of the dervishes 
during the Ottoman campaigns: [10]
…fanatical dervishes and other devout Muslim leaders…constantly toiled for the 
dissemination of Islam. They had done so from the very beginning of the Ottoman state 
and had played an important part in the consolidation and extension of Islam. These 
dervishes were particularly active in the uninhabited frontier regions of the east. Here they 
settled down with their families, attracted other settlers, and thus became the virtual 
founders of whole new villages, whose inhabitants invariably exhibited the same qualities of 
deep religious fervor. From places such as these, the dervishes or their agents would 
emerge to take part in new military enterprises for the extension of the Islamic state. In 
return, the state granted them land and privileges under a generous prescription which 
required only that the land be cultivated and communications secured.
Brief overviews of the Seljuk and Ottoman jihad campaigns which ultimately Islamised 
Asia Minor, have been provided by Vryonis and Vacalopoulos. First, the schematic, clinical 
assessment of Vryonis: [11]
The conquest, or should I say the conquests of Asia Minor were in operation over a period 
of four centuries. Thus the Christian societies of Asia Minor were submitted to extensive 
periods of intense warfare, incursions, and destructions which undermined the existence of 
the Christian church. In the first century of Turkish conquests and invasions from the mid-
eleventh to the late twelfth century, the sources reveal that some 63 towns and villages 
were destroyed. The inhabitants of other towns and villages were enslaved and taken off to 
the Muslim slave markets. 
Vacalopoulos describes the conquests in more animated detail: [12]
At the beginning of the eleventh century, the Seljuk Turks forced their way into Armenia 
and there crushed the armies of several petty Armenian states. No fewer than forty 
thousand souls fled before the organised pillage of the Seljuk host to the western part of 
Asia Minor…From the middle of the eleventh century, and especially after the battle of 
Malazgirt [Manzikurt] (1071), the Seljuks spread throughout the whole Asia Minor 
peninsula, leaving terror, panic and destruction in their wake. Byzantine, Turkish and other 
contemporary sources are unanimous in their agreement on the extent of havoc wrought 
and the protracted anguish of the local population…evidence as we have proves that the 
Hellenic population of Asia Minor, whose very vigor had so long sustained the Empire and 
might indeed be said to have constituted its greatest strength, succumbed so rapidly to 
Turkish pressure that by the fourteenth century, it was confined to a few limited areas. By 
that time, Asia Minor was already being called Turkey…one after another, bishoprics and 
metropolitan sees which once throbbed with Christian vitality became vacant and 
ecclesiastical buildings fell into ruins. The metropolitan see of Chalcedon, for example, 
disappeared in the fourteenth century, and the sees of Laodicea, Kotyaeon (now Kutahya) 
and Synada in the fifteenth…With the extermination of local populations or their precipitate 
flight, entire villages, cities, and sometimes whole provinces fell into decay. There were 
some fertile districts like the valley of the Maeander River, once stocked with thousands of 
sheep and cattle, which were laid waste and thereafter ceased to be in any way productive. 
Other districts were literally transformed into wildernesses. Impenetrable thickets sprang 
up in places where once there had been luxuriant fields and pastures. This is what 
happened to the district of Sangarius, for example, which Michael VIII Palaeologus had 
known formerly as a prosperous, cultivated land, but whose utter desolation he afterwards 
surveyed in utmost despair…The mountainous region between Nicaea and Nicomedia, 
opposite Constantinople, once clustered with castles, cities, and villages, was depopulated. 
A few towns escaped total destruction- Laodicea, Iconium, Bursa (then Prusa), and Sinope, 
for example- but the extent of devastation elsewhere was such as to make a profound 
impression on visitors for may years to come. The fate of Antioch provides a graphic 
illustration of the kind of havoc wrought by the Turkish invaders: in 1432, only three 
hundred dwellings could be counted inside its walls, and its predominantly Turkish or Arab 
inhabitants subsisted by raising camels, goats, cattle, and sheep. Other cities in the south-
eastern part of Asia Minor fell into similar decay. 
The Islamisation of Asia Minor was complemented by parallel and subsequent Ottoman 
jihad campaigns in the Balkans [13]. As of 1326 C.E., yearly razzias by the emirs of Asia 
Minor targeted southern Thrace, southern Macedonia, and the coastal areas of southern 
Greece. Around 1360 C.E., the Ottomans, under Suleiman (son of Sultan Orchan), and 
later Sultan Murad I (1359-1389), launched bona fide campaigns of jihad conquest, 
capturing and occupying a series of cities and towns in Byzantine and Bulgarian Thrace. 
Following the battle of Cernomen (September 26, 1371), the Ottomans penetrated 
westward, occupying within 15 years, a large number of towns in western Bulgaria, and 
in Macedonia. Ottoman invasions during this period also occurred in the Peloponnesus, 
central Greece, Epirus, Thessaly, Albania, and Montenegro. By 1388 most of northeast 
Bulgaria was conquered, and following the battle of Kosovo (1389), Serbia came under 
Ottoman suzerainty. Vacalopoulos argues that internecine warring, as well as social and 
political upheaval, prevented the Balkan populations- Greeks, Bulgarians, Albanians, and 
Serbians- from uniting against the common Ottoman enemy, thus sealing their doom. 
Indeed, he observes that, [14]
After the defeat of the Serbs at Cirmen (or Cernomen) near the Hebrus River in 1371, 
Serbia, Bulgaria, and the Byzantine Empire became tributaries of the Ottoman Empire and 
were obliged to render assistance in Ottoman campaigns. 
Bayezid I (1389-1402) undertook devastating campaigns in Bosnia, Hungary, and 
Wallachia, in addition to turning south and again attacking central Greece and the 
Peloponnesus. After a hiatus during their struggle against the Mongol invaders, the 
Ottomans renewed their Balkan offensive in 1421. Successful Ottoman campaigns were 
waged in the Peloponnesus, Serbia, and Hungary, culminating with the victory at the 
second Battle of Kosovo (1448). With the accession to power of Mehmed II, the 
Ottomans commenced their definitive conquest of the Balkan peninsula. Constantinople 
was captured on May 29, 1453, marking the end of the Byzantine Empire. By 1460, the 
Ottomans had completely vanquished both Serbia and the Peloponnesus. Bosnia and 
Trebizond fell in 1463, followed by Albania in 1468. With the conquest of Herzegovina in 
1483, the Ottomans became rulers of the entire Balkan peninsula. 
Vacalopoulos, commenting on the initial Ottoman forays into Thrace during the mid 14th 
century, and Angelov, who provides an overall assessment highlighting the later 
campaigns of Murad II (1421-1451) and Mehmed II (1451-1481), elucidate the impact of 
the Ottoman jihad on the vanquished Balkan populations: 
From the very beginning of the Turkish onslaught [in Thrace] under Suleiman [son of 
Sultan Orchan], the Turks tried to consolidate their position by the forcible imposition of 
Islam. If [the Ottoman historian] Sukrullah is to be believed, those who refused to accept 
the Moslem faith were slaughtered and their families enslaved. “Where there were bells”, 
writes the same author [i.e., Sukrullah], “Suleiman broke them up and cast them into fires. 
Where there were churches he destroyed them or converted them into mosques. Thus, in 
place of bells there were now muezzins. Wherever Christian infidels were still found, 
vassalage was imposed on their rulers. At least in public they could no longer say ‘kyrie 
eleison’ but rather ‘There is no God but Allah’; and where once their prayers had been 
addressed to Christ, they were now to “Muhammad, the prophet of Allah’.” [15] 
…the conquest of the Balkan Peninsula accomplished by the Turks over the course of about 
two centuries caused the incalculable ruin of material goods, countless massacres, the 
enslavement and exile of a great part of the population – in a word, a general and 
protracted decline of productivity, as was the case with Asia Minor after it was occupied by 
the same invaders. This decline in productivity is all the more striking when one recalls that 
in the mid-fourteenth century, as the Ottomans were gaining a foothold on the peninsula, 
the States that existed there – Byzantium, Bulgaria and Serbia – had already reached a 
rather high level of economic and cultural development....The campaigns of Mourad II 
(1421-1451) and especially those of his successor, Mahomet II (1451-1481) in Serbia, 
Bosnia, Albania and in the Byzantine princedom of the Peloponnesus, were of a particularly 
devastating character. During the campaign that the Turks launched in Serbia in 1455-
1456, Belgrade, Novo-Bardo and other towns were to a great extent destroyed. The 
invasion of the Turks in Albania during the summer of 1459 caused enormous havoc. 
According to the account of it written by Kritobulos, the invaders destroyed the entire 
harvest and levelled the fortified towns that they had captured. The country was afflicted 
with further devastation in 1466 when the Albanians, after putting up heroic resistance, 
had to withdraw into the most inaccessible regions, from which they continued the struggle. 
Many cities were likewise ruined during the course of the campaign led by Mahomet II in 
1463 against Bosnia – among them Yaytzé, the capital of the Kingdom of Bosnia…But it was 
the Peloponnesus that suffered most from the Turkish invasions. It was invaded in 1446 by 
the armies of Murad II, which destroyed a great number of places and took thousands of 
prisoners. Twelve years later, during the summer of 1458, the Balkan Peninsula was 
invaded by an enormous Turkish army under the command of Mahomet II and his first 
lieutenant Mahmoud Pasha. After a siege that lasted four months, Corinth fell into enemy 
hands. Its walls were razed, and many places that the sultan considered useless were 
destroyed. The work by Kritobulos contains an account of the Ottoman campaigns, which 
clearly shows us the vast destruction caused by the invaders in these regions. Two years 
later another Turkish army burst into the Peloponnesus. This time Gardiki and several other 
places were ruined. Finally, in 1464, for the third time, the destructive rage of the invaders 
was aimed at the Peloponnesus. That was when the Ottomans battled the Venetians and 
levelled the city of Argos to its foundations. [16] 
Ottoman Dhimmitude
In examining how the non-Muslim populations vanquished by the Ottoman jihad 
campaigns fared, it is useful to begin with the Jews, the least numerous population, who 
are also generally believed to have had quite a positive experience. Joseph Hacker 
studied the fate of Jews during their initial absorption into the Ottoman Empire in the 
15th and 16th centuries. His research questions the uncritical view that from its outset 
the, “..Jewish experience” in the Ottoman Empire “..was a calm, peaceful, and fruitful 
one..”.Hacker notes: [17]
…It would seem to me that this accepted view of consistently good relations between the 
Ottomans and the Jews during the 15th century should be modified in light of new research 
and manuscript resources. 
The Jews, like other inhabitants of the Byzantine Empire, suffered heavily from the 
Ottoman jihad conquests and policies of colonisation and population transfer (i.e., the 
surgun system). This explains the disappearance of several Jewish communities, 
including Salonica, and their founding anew by Spanish Jewish immigrants. Hacker 
observes, specifically: [18]
…We possess letters written about the fate of Jews who underwent one or another of the 
Ottoman conquests. In one of the letters which was written before 1470, there is a 
description of the fate of such a Jew and his community, according to which description, 
written in Rhodes and sent to Crete, the fate of the Jews was not different from that of 
Christians. Many were killed; others were taken captive, and children were [enslaved, 
forcibly converted to Islam, and] brought to devshirme...Some letters describe the carrying 
of the captive Jews to Istanbul and are filled with anti-Ottoman sentiments. Moreover, we 
have a description of the fate of a Jewish doctor and homilist from Veroia (Kara-Ferya) who 
fled to Negroponte when his community was driven into exile in 1455. He furnished us with 
a description of the exiles and their forced passage to Istanbul. Later on we find him at 
Istanbul itself, and in a homily delivered there in 1468 he expressed his anti-Ottoman 
feelings openly. We also have some evidence that the Jews of Constantinople suffered from 
the conquest of the city and that several were sold into slavery.
Three summary conclusions are drawn by Hacker: (i) Strong anti-Ottoman feelings prevailed in 
some Byzantine Jewish circles in the first decades after the fall of Constantinople. These feelings 
were openly expressed by people living under Latin rule and to some extent even in Istanbul.; (ii) 
Mehmed II's policies toward non-Muslims made possible the substantial economic and social 
development of the Jewish communities in the empire, and especially in the capital - Istanbul. 
These communities were protected by him against popular hatred, and especially from blood libels. 
However, this policy was not continued by Bayezid II and there is evidence that under his rule the 
Jews suffered severe restrictions in their religious life.; (iii) The friendly policies of Mehmed on the 
one hand, and the good reception by Bayezid II of Spanish Jewry on the other, cause the Jewish 
writers of the sixteenth century to overlook both the destruction which Byzantine Jewry suffered 
during the Ottoman conquests and the later outbursts of oppression under both Bayezid II and 
Selim I.
Ivo Andric analysed [19] the “rayah” (meaning “herd”, and “to graze a herd”) or dhimmi condition 
imposed upon the indigenous Christian population of Bosnia, for four centuries. Those native 
Christian inhabitants who refused to apostatise to Islam lived under the Ottoman Kanun-i-Rayah, 
which merely reiterated [20] the essential regulations of dhimmitude originally formulated by 
Muslim jurists and theologians in the 7th and 8th centuries C.E. Andric’s presentation musters, [21] 
…a wealth of irrefutable evidence that the main points of the Kanun, just those that cut the 
deepest into the moral and economic life of Christians, remained in full force right up to the 
end of Turkish rule and as long as the Turks had the power to apply them…[thus] it was 
inevitable that the rayah decline to a status that was economically inferior and dependent.
Andric cites a Bosnian Muslim proverb, and a song honouring Sultan Bayezid II, whose 
shared perspectives reflect Muslim attitudes toward the Christian rayahs: [22]
[proverb] “The rayah is like the grass,/Mow it as much as you will, still it springs up anew” 
[song] “Once you’d broken Bosnia’s horns/You mowed down what would not be 
pruned/Leaving only the riffraff behind/So there’d be someone left to serve us and grieve 
before the cross”
These prevailing discriminatory conditions were exacerbated by Bosnia’s serving as either 
a battlefield or staging ground during two centuries of Ottoman razzias and formal jihad 
campaigns against Hungary. Overcome by excessive taxation and conscript labour:
Christians therefore began to abandon their houses and plots of land situated in level 
country and along the roads and to retreat back into the mountains. And as they did so, 
moving ever higher into inaccessible regions, Muslims took over their former sites. [23]
Moreover, those Christians living in towns suffered from the rayah system’s mandated 
impediments to commercial advancement by non-Muslims: [24]
Islam from the very outset, excluded such activities as making wine, breeding pigs, and 
selling pork products from commercial production and trade. But additionally Bosnian 
Christians were forbidden to be saddlers, tanners, or candle makers or to trade in honey, 
butter, and certain other items. Countrywide, the only legal market day was Sunday. 
Christians were thus deliberately faced with the choice between ignoring the precepts of 
their religion, keeping their shops open and working on Sundays, or alternatively, forgoing 
participation in the market and suffering material loss thereby. Even in 1850, in Jukic’s 
“Wishes and Entreaties” we find him beseeching “his Imperial grace” to put an end to the 
regulation that Sunday be market day.
Christians were also forced to pay disproportionately higher taxes than Muslims, including 
the intentionally degrading non-Muslim poll-tax. 
This tax was paid by every non-Muslim male who had passed his fourteenth year, at the 
rate of a ducat per annum. But since Turkey had never known birth registers, the 
functionary whose job it was to exact the tax measured the head and neck of each boy with 
a piece of string and judged from that whether a person had arrived at a taxable age or 
not. Starting as an abuse that soon turned into an ingrained habit, then finally established 
custom, by the last century of Turkish rule every boy without distinction found himself 
summoned to pay the head tax. And it would seem this was not the only abuse…Of Ali-Pasa 
Stocevic, who during the first half of the nineteenth century was vizier and all but unlimited 
ruler of Herzegovina, his contemporary, the monk Prokopije Cokorilo, wrote that he “taxed 
the dead for six years after their demise” and that his tax collectors “ran their fingers over 
the bellies of pregnant women, saying ‘you will probably have a boy, so you have to pay the 
poll tax right away…The following folk saying from Bosnia reveals how taxes were exacted: 
“He’s as fat as if he’d been tax collecting in Bosnia” [25]
The specific Kanun-i-Rayah stipulations which prohibited the rayahs from riding a saddled 
horse, carrying a saber or any other weapon in or out of doors, selling wine, letting their 
hair grow, or wearing wide sashes, were strictly enforced until the mid-19th century. 
Hussamudin-Pasa, in 1794 issued an ordinance which prescribed the exact colour and 
type of clothing the Bosnian rayah had to wear. Barbers were prohibited from shaving 
Muslims with the same razors used for Christians. Even in bathhouses, Christians were 
required to have specifically marked towels and aprons to avoid confusing their laundry 
with laundry designated for Muslims. Until at least 1850, and in some parts of Bosnia, 
well into the 1860s, a Christian upon encountering a Muslim, was required to jump down 
from his (unsaddled) horse, move to the side of the road, and wait for the latter to pass. 
[26]
Christianity’s loud and most arresting symbol, church bells, Andric notes [27], always 
drew close, disapproving Turkish scrutiny, and, “Wherever there invasions would go, 
down came the bells, to be destroyed or melted into cannon”. Predictably:
Until the second half of the nineteenth century, “nobody in Bosnia could even think of bells 
or bell towers.” Only in 1860 did the Sarajevo priest Fra Grgo Martic manage to get 
permission from Topal Osman-Pasa to hang a bell at the church in Kresevo. Permission was 
granted, thought, only on condition that “at first the bell be rung softly to let the Turks get 
accustomed to it little by little”. And still the Muslim of Kresevo were complaining, even in 
1875, to Sarajevo that “the Turkish ear and ringing bells cannot coexist in the same place 
at the same time”; and Muslim women would beat on their copper pots to drown out the 
noise…on 30 April 1872, the new Serbian Orthodox church also got a bell. But since the…
Muslims had threatened to riot, the military had to be called in to ensure that the ceremony 
might proceed undisturbed. [28]
The imposition of such disabilities, Andric observes, [29] extended beyond church 
ceremonies, as reflected by a 1794 proclamation of the Serbian Orthodox church in 
Sarajevo warning Christians not to: 
…sing during …outings, nor in their houses, nor in other places. The saying “Don’t sing too 
loud, this village is Turk” testifies eloquently to the fact that this item of the Kanun [- i-
Rayah] was applied outside church life as well as within.
Andric concludes, [30]:
…for their Christian subjects, their [Ottoman Turkish] hegemony brutalised custom and 
meant a step to the rear in every respect. 
Finally, Jovan Cvijic, the Serbian sociologist and geographer, observed,
There are regions where the [Serb] Christian population…lived under the regime of fear, 
from birth to death.
Despite the liberation of the Balkans in 1912, Cvijic further noted that the Serbs were not 
fully cognizant of their new status, and this fear could still be read, remaining etched on 
their faces. [31]
Paul Ricaut, the British consul in Smyrna, journeyed extensively within the Ottoman 
Empire during the mid-17th century, becoming a keen observer of its socio-political 
milieu. In 1679 (i.e., prior to the Ottomans being repulsed at Vienna in September, 1683; 
see later discussion of Ottoman “tolerance”), Ricaut published these important findings 
[32]: (i) many Christians were expelled from their churches, which the Ottoman Turks 
converted into mosques; (ii) the “Mysteries of the Altar” were hidden in subterranean 
vaults and sepulchers whose roofs were barely above the surface of the ground; (iii) 
fearing Turkish hostility and oppression, Christian priests, particularly in eastern Asia 
Minor, were compelled to live with great caution and officiate in private obscurity; (iv) not 
surprisingly, to escape these prevailing conditions, many Christians apostatised to Islam. 
Moreover, as Vryonis demonstrated convincingly for the earlier period between the 11th 
and 15th centuries [33], the existence of cryto-Christianity and neo-martyrs were not 
uncommon phenomena in the Christian territories of Asia Minor conquered by the waves 
of Seljuk and Ottoman jihad. He cites, for example, a pastoral letter from 1338 
addressed to the residents of Nicaea indicating widespread, forcible conversion by the 
Turks: [34]
And they [Turks] having captured and enslaved many of our own and violently forced them 
and dragging them along alas! So that they took up their evil and godlessness. 
The phenomenon of forcible conversion, including coercive en masse conversions, 
persisted throughout the 16th century, as discussed by Constantelos in his analysis of 
neo-martyrdom in the Ottoman Empire: [35]
…mass forced conversions were recorded during the caliphates of Selim I (1512-1520), 
Selim II (1566-1574), and Murat III (1574-1595). On the occasion of some anniversary, 
such as the capture of a city, or a national holiday, many rayahs were forced to apostatise. 
On the day of the circumcision of Mohammed III great numbers of Christians (Albanians, 
Greeks, Slavs) were forced to convert to Islam. 
Reviewing the martyrology of Christians victimised by the Ottomans from the conquest of 
Constantinople (1453), through the final phases of the Greek War of Independence 
(1828), Constantelos indicates: [36]
…the Ottoman Turks condemned to death eleven Ecumenical Patriarchs of Constantinople, 
nearly one hundred bishops, and several thousand priests, deacons, and minks. It is 
impossible to say with certainty how many men of the cloth were forced to apostatise.
However, the more mundane cases illustrated by Constantelos are of equal significance in 
revealing the plight of Christians under Ottoman rule, through at least 1867: [37]
Some were accused of insulting the Muslim faith or of throwing something against the wall 
of a mosque. Others were accused of sexual advances toward a Turk; still others of making 
a public confession such as “I will become a Turk” without meaning it.
Constantelos concludes: [38]
The story of the neo-martyrs indicates that there was no liberty of conscience in the 
Ottoman Empire and that religious persecution was never absent from the state. Justice 
was subject to the passions of judges as well as of the crowds, and it was applied with a 
double standard, lenient for Muslims and harsh for Christians and others. The view that the 
Ottoman Turks pursued a policy of religious toleration in order to promote a fusion of the 
Turks with the conquered populations is not sustained by the facts. 
Even the Turcophilic 19th century travel writer Ubicini acknowledged the oppressive 
burden of Ottoman dhimmitude in this moving depiction: [39]
The history of enslaved peoples is the same everywhere, or rather, they have no history. 
The years, the centuries pass without bringing any change to their situation. Generations 
come and go in silence. One might think they are afraid to awaken their masters, asleep 
alongside them. However, if you examine them closely you discover that this immobility is 
only superficial. A silent and constant agitation grips them. Life has entirely withdrawn into 
the heart. They resemble those rivers which have disappeared underground; if you put 
your ear to the earth, you can hear the muffled sound of their waters; then they re-emerge 
intact a few leagues away. Such is the state of the Christian populations of Turkey under 
Ottoman rule.
Vacalopoulos describes how jihad imposed dhimmitude under Ottoman rule provided 
critical motivation for the Greek Revolution: [40]
The Revolution of 1821 is no more than the last great phase of the resistance of the Greeks 
to Ottoman domination; it was a relentless, undeclared war, which had begun already in the 
first years of servitude. The brutality of an autocratic regime, which was characterised by 
economic spoliation, intellectual decay and cultural retrogression, was sure to provoke 
opposition. Restrictions of all kinds, unlawful taxation, forced labour, persecutions, violence, 
imprisonment, death, abductions of girls and boys and their confinement to Turkish 
harems, and various deeds of wantonness and lust, along with numerous less offensive 
excesses – all these were a constant challenge to the instinct of survival and they defied 
every sense of human decency. The Greeks bitterly resented all insults and humiliations, 
and their anguish and frustration pushed them into the arms of rebellion. There was no 
exaggeration in the statement made by one of the beys if Arta, when he sought to explain 
the ferocity of the struggle. He said: ‘We have wronged the rayas [dhimmis] (i.e. our 
Christian subjects) and destroyed both their wealth and honour; they became desperate 
and took up arms. This is just the beginning and will finally lead to the destruction of our 
empire.’ The sufferings of the Greeks under Ottoman rule were therefore the basic cause of 
the insurrection; a psychological incentive was provided by the very nature of the 
circumstances.
The Devshirme and Harem Slavery
Those scholars [41] who continue to adhere to the roseate narrative of Ottoman 
“tolerance”, the notion that an “…easy-going tolerance, resting on an assumption not only 
of superior religion, but also of superior power”, which it is claimed, persisted in the 
Ottoman Empire until the end of the 17th century [42], must address certain basic 
questions. Why has the quite brutal Ottoman devshirme-janissary system, which, from 
the mid to late 14th, through early 18th centuries, enslaved and forcibly converted to 
Islam an estimated 500,000 to one million [43] non-Muslim (primarily Balkan Christian) 
adolescent males, been characterised, reductio ad absurdum, as a benign form of social 
advancement, jealously pined for by “ineligible” Ottoman Muslim families? For example:
The role played by the Balkan Christian boys recruited into the Ottoman service through 
the devshirme is well known. Great numbers of them entered the Ottoman military and 
bureaucratic apparatus, which for a while came to be dominated by these new recruits to 
the Ottoman state and the Muslim faith. This ascendancy of Balkan Europeans into the 
Ottoman power structure did not pass unnoticed, and there are many complaints from 
other elements, sometimes from the Caucasian slaves who were their main competitors, 
and more vocally from the old and free Muslims, who felt slighted by the preference given 
to the newly converted slaves. [44]
Scholars, who have conducted serious, detailed studies of the devshirme-janissary 
system, do not share such hagiographic views of this Ottoman institution. Speros 
Vryonis, Jr. for example, makes these deliberately understated, but cogent observations, 
[45]
…in discussing the devshirme we are dealing with the large numbers of Christians who, in 
spite of the material advantages offered by conversion to Islam, chose to remain members 
of a religious society which was denied first class citizenship. Therefore the proposition 
advanced by some historians, that the Christians welcomed the devshirme as it opened up 
wonderful opportunities for their children, is inconsistent with the fact that these Christians 
had not chosen to become Muslims in the first instance but had remained Christians…there 
is abundant testimony to the very active dislike with which they viewed the taking of their 
children. One would expect such sentiments given the strong nature of the family bond and 
given also the strong attachment to Christianity of those who had not apostatised to 
Islam…First of all the Ottomans capitalised on the general Christian fear of losing their 
children and used offers of devshirme exemption in negotiations for surrender of Christian 
lands. Such exemptions were included in the surrender terms granted to Jannina, Galata, 
the Morea, Chios, etc…Christians who engaged in specialised activities which were 
important to the Ottoman state were likewise exempt from the tax on their children by way 
of recognition of the importance of their labours for the empire…Exemption from this tribute 
was considered a privilege and not a penalty… 
…there are other documents wherein their [i.e., the Christians] dislike is much more 
explicitly apparent. These include a series of Ottoman documents dealing with the specific 
situations wherein the devshirmes themselves have escaped from the officials responsible 
for collecting them…A firman…in 1601 [regarding the devshirme] provided the [Ottoman] 
officials with stern measures of enforcement, a fact which would seem to suggest that 
parents were not always disposed to part with their sons.
“..to enforce the command of the known and holy fetva [fatwa] of Seyhul [Shaikh]- 
Islam. In accordance with this whenever some one of the infidel parents or some 
other should oppose the giving up of his son for the Janissaries, he is immediately 
hanged from his door-sill, his blood being deemed unworthy.”
Vasiliki Papoulia highlights the continuous desperate, often violent struggle of the 
Christian populations against this forcefully imposed Ottoman levy: [46]
It is obvious that the population strongly resented…this measure [and the levy] could be 
carried out only by force. Those who refused to surrender their sons- the healthiest, the 
handsomest and the most intelligent- were on the spot put to death by hanging. 
Nevertheless we have examples of armed resistance. In 1565 a revolt took place in Epirus 
and Albania. The inhabitants killed the recruiting officers and the revolt was put down only 
after the sultan sent five hundred janissaries in support of the local sanjak-bey. We are 
better informed, thanks to the historic archives of Yerroia, about the uprising in Naousa in 
1705 where the inhabitants killed the Silahdar Ahmed Celebi and his assistants and fled to 
the mountains as rebels. Some of them were later arrested and put to death.. 
Since there was no possibility of escaping [the levy] the population resorted to several 
subterfuges. Some left their villages and fled to certain cities which enjoyed exemption 
from the child levy or migrated to Venetian-held territories. The result was a depopulation 
of the countryside. Others had their children marry at an early age…Nicephorus Angelus…
states that at times the children ran away on their own initiative, but when they heard that 
the authorities had arrested their parents and were torturing them to death, returned and 
gave themselves up. La Giulletiere cites the case of a young Athenian who returned from 
hiding in order to save his father’s life and then chose to die himself rather than abjure his 
faith. According to the evidence in Turkish sources, some parents even succeeded in 
abducting their children after they had been recruited. The most successful way of escaping 
recruitment was through bribery. That the latter was very widespread is evident from the 
large amounts of money confiscated by the sultan from corrupt…officials. Finally, in their 
desperation the parents even appealed to the Pope and the Western powers for help.
Papoulia concludes: [47]
…there is no doubt that this heavy burden was one of the hardest tribulations of the 
Christian population. 
Why was there never a significant “Shari’a-inspired” slavery abolition movement within 
the Ottoman states, comparable to the courageous and successful campaigns lead by 
Western Christian statesmen (such as the Evangelical Parliamentarian, William 
Wilberforce [48] ) in Europe and America, throughout the 19th century? Deliberately 
limited and ineffectual firmans issued by the Ottoman Porte failed to discourage East 
African slave trading [49], and even British naval power, so successful in the Atlantic and 
Indian oceans [50], was unable to suppress the Red Sea slave trade to the Ottoman 
Empire at the end of the 19th century. [51] Regardless, as Reuben Levy notes: [52]
At Constantinople, the sale of women slaves, both negresses and Circassians [likely for 
harem slavery and/or concubinage], continued to be openly practiced until…1908.
Turkey: From Failed Reforms to a Modern Jihad Genocide
Why did the Tanzimat reforms, designed to abrogate the Ottoman version of the system 
of dhimmitude, need to be imposed by European powers through treaties, as so—called 
'capitulations' following Ottoman military defeats, and why even then, were these 
reforms never implemented in any meaningful way from 1839, until the collapse of the 
Ottoman Empire after World War I  
Edouard Engelhardt [53] made these observations from his detailed analysis of the 
Tanzimat period, noting that a quarter century after the Crimean War (1853—56), and 
the second iteration of Tanzimat reforms, the same problems persisted:
Muslim society has not yet broken with the prejudices which make the conquered peoples 
subordinate...the raya [dhimmis] remain inferior to the Osmanlis; in fact he is not 
rehabilitated; the fanaticism of the early days has not relented...[even liberal Muslims 
rejected]...civil and political equality, that is to say, the assimilation of the conquered with 
the conquerors.
A systematic examination of the condition of the Christian rayas was conducted in the 
1860s by British consuls stationed throughout the Ottoman Empire, yielding extensive 
primary source documentary evidence. [54]. Britain was then Turkey's most powerful 
ally, and it was in her strategic interest to see that oppression of the Christians was 
eliminated, to prevent direct, aggressive Russian or Austrian intervention.  On July 22, 
1860, Consul James Zohrab sent a lengthy report from Sarajevo to his ambassador in 
Constantinople, Sir Henry Bulwer, analysing the administration of the provinces of Bosnia 
and Herzegovina, again, following the 1856 Tanzimat reforms. Referring to the reform 
efforts, Zohrab states: [55]
The Hatti—humayoun, I can safely say, practically remains a dead letter...while [this] does 
not extend to permitting the Christians to be treated as they formerly were treated, is so 
far unbearable and unjust in that it permits the Mussulmans to despoil them with heavy 
exactions. False imprisonments (imprisonment under false accusation) are of daily 
occurrence.  A Christian has but a small chance of exculpating himself when his opponent is 
a Mussulman (...) Christian evidence, as a rule, is still refused (...) Christians are now 
permitted to possess real property, but the obstacles which they meet with when they 
attempt to acquire it are so many and vexatious that very few have as yet dared to brave 
them...Such being, generally speaking, the course pursued by the Government towards the 
Christians in the capital (Sarajevo) of the province where the Consular Agents of the 
different Powers reside and can exercise some degree of control, it may easily be guessed 
to what extend the Christians, in the remoter districts, suffer who are governed by Mudirs 
(governors) generally fanatical and unacquainted with the (new reforms of the) law..
In his comprehensive study of 19th century Palestinian Jewry under Ottoman rule Tudor 
Parfitt made these germane observations: [56]
Inside the towns, Jews and other dhimmis were frequently attacked, wounded, and even 
killed by local Muslims and Turkish soldiers. Such attacks were frequently for trivial 
reasons: Wilson [in British Foreign Office correspondence] recalled having met a Jew who 
had been badly wounded by a Turkish soldier for not having instantly dismounted when 
ordered to give up his donkey to a soldier of the Sultan. Many Jews were killed for less. On 
occasion the authorities attempted to get some form of redress but this was by no means 
always the case: the Turkish authorities themselves were sometimes responsible for 
beating Jews to death for some unproven charge. After one such occasion [British Consul] 
Young remarked: 'I must say I am sorry and surprised that the Governor could have acted 
so savage a part— for certainly what I have seen of him I should have thought him superior 
to such wanton inhumanity— but it was a Jew— without friends or protection— it serves to 
show well that it is not without reason that the poor Jew, even in the nineteenth century, 
lives from day to day in terror of his life'.
 
...In fact, it took some time [i.e., at least a decade after the 1839 reforms] before these 
courts did accept dhimmi testimony in Palestine. The fact that Jews were represented on 
the meclis [provincial legal council] did not contribute a great deal to the amelioration of 
the legal position of the Jews: the Jewish representatives were tolerated grudgingly and 
were humiliated and intimidated to the point that they were afraid to offer any opposition 
to the Muslim representatives. In addition the constitution of the meclis was in no sense 
fairly representative of the population. In Jerusalem in the 1870s the meclis consisted of 
four Muslims, three Christians and only one Jew— at a time when Jews constituted over 
half the population of the city...Some years after the promulgation of the hatt—i—serif 
[Tanzimat reform edicts] Binyamin [in an eyewitness account from Eight Years in Asia and 
Africa from 1846 to 1855, p.44] was still able to write of the Jews— 'they are entirely 
destitute of every legal protection'...Perhaps even more to the point, the courts were biased 
against the Jews and even when a case was heard in a properly assembled court where 
dhimmi testimony was admissible the court would still almost invariably rule against the 
Jews. It should be noted that a non—dhimmi [eg., foreign] Jew was still not permitted to 
appear and witness in either the mahkama [specific Muslim council] or the meclis.
The modern Ottomanist Roderick Davison acknowledges that the reforms failed, and 
offers an explanation based on Islamic beliefs intrinsic to the system of dhimmitude: [57]
No genuine equality was ever attained...there remained among the Turks an intense Muslim 
feeling which could sometimes burst into an open fanaticism...More important than the 
possibility of fanatic outbursts, however, was the innate attitude of superiority which the 
Muslim Turk possessed. Islam was for him the true religion. Christianity was only a partial 
revelation of the truth, which Muhammad finally revealed in full; therefore Christians were 
not equal to Muslims in possession of truth. Islam was not only a way of worship, it was a 
way of life as well. It prescribed man's relations to man, as well as to God, and was the 
basis for society, for law, and for government. Christians were therefore inevitably 
considered second—class citizens in the light of religious revelation—as well as by reason of 
the plain fact that they had been conquered by the Ottomans. This whole Muslim outlook 
was often summed up in the common term gavur (or kafir), which means 'unbeliever' or 
'infidel', with emotional and quite uncomplimentary overtones. To associate closely or on 
terms of equality with the gavur was dubious at best. 'Familiar association with heathens 
and infidels is forbidden to the people of Islam,' said Asim, an early nineteenth—century 
historian, 'and friendly and intimate intercourse between two parties that are one to 
another as darkness and light is far from desirable'...The mere idea of equality, especially 
the anti—defamation clause of 1856, offended the Turks' inherent sense of the rightness of 
things. 'Now we can't call a gavur a gavur', it was said, sometimes bitterly, sometimes in 
matter—of—fact explanation that under the new dispensation the plain truth could no 
longer be spoken openly. Could reforms be acceptable which forbade calling a spade a 
spade?...The Turkish mind, conditioned by centuries of Muslim and Ottoman dominance, 
was not yet ready to accept any absolute equality...Ottoman equality was not attained in 
the Tanzimat period [i.e., mid to late 19th century, 1839—1876], nor yet after the Young 
Turk revolution of 1908...
Indeed, an influential member of the Ottoman Committee of Union and Progress, Sheik 
Abd—ul—Hack, a 'progressive' Young Turk, made this revealing declaration writing in a 
Parisian Muslim review, (Le Mecherouttiete, edited by Sherif Pasha, Paris), in August, 
1912: [58]
Yes! The Musulman religion is in open hostility to all your world of progress.  Understand, 
you European observers, that a Christian, whatever his position may be, by the mere fact 
of his being a Christian is regarded by us as a blind man lost to all sense of human dignity.  
Our reasoning with regard to him is as simple as it is definitive.  We say:  the man whose 
judgment is so perverted as to deny the existence of a one and only God, and to make up 
gods of different sorts, can only be the meanest expression of human degradation; to 
speak to him would be a humiliation for our intelligence and an insult to the grandeur of the 
Master of the Universe.  The presence of such miscreants among us is the bane of our 
existence; their doctrine is a direct insult to the purity of our faith; contact with them is a 
defilement of our bodies; any relation with them a torture to our souls.  Though detesting 
you, we have condescended to study your political institutions and your military 
organisation.  Over and above the new weapons that Providence procures for us through 
your agency, you have yourselves rekindled the inextinguishable faith of our heroic 
martyrs.  Our Young Turks, our Babis, our new Brotherhoods, all our sects, under various 
forms, are inspired by the same idea; the same necessity of moving forward. Towards what 
end? Christian civilisation? Never! Islam is the one great international family.  All true 
believers are brothers.  A community of feeling and of faith binds them in mutual affection.  
It is for the Caliph to facilitate these relations and to rally the Faithful under the sacerdotal 
standard. 
Throughout the Ottoman Empire, particularly within the Balkans, and later Anatolia itself, 
attempted emancipation of the dhimmi peoples provoked violent, bloody responses 
against those 'infidels' daring to claim equality with local Muslims. The massacres of the 
Bulgarians (in 1876) [59], and more extensive massacres of the Armenians (1894—96) 
[60], culminating in a frank jihad genocide against the Armenians during World War I 
[61], epitomise these trends. Enforced abrogation of the laws of dhimmitude required the 
dismantling of the Ottoman Empire. This finally occurred after the Balkan Wars of 
independence, and during the European Mandate period following World War I. 
Conclusion
Erdogan's efforts to further re—Islamise Turkey are entirely consistent with a return to 
Turkey's Ottoman past as the heartland of an Empire established by jihad, and governed 
by the Shari'a. Indeed, both the current Erdogan administration, and the regime headed 
by the overtly pious Muslim Erbakan, a decade ago, reflect the advanced state of Islam's 
"socio-political reawakening" in Turkey since 1950—1960,  when the Menderes 
government - pandering to Muslim religious sentiments for electoral support re-
established the dervish orders, and undertook an extensive campaign of mosque 
construction [62]. Despite Frank Gaffney's apparent failure to understand this continuum 
of related historical phenomena, I share his acute concerns. And ultimately, we agree 
that Turkey's bid to join the EU should be rejected.
Sources:
1. Michael the Syrian, Chronique de Michel Le Syrien, Paris, 1899-1906, Vol. 3 p. 176, French translation by Jean-Baptiste 
Chabot; English translation in Bat Ye’or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity Under Islam, pp. 170-171. 
2. Michael the Syrian, Chronique, Vol. 3 p. 176; English translation in Bat Ye’or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity Under Islam, 
Cranbury, New Jersey: Associated University Presses, 1996, p. 55.
3. See the numerous primary sources cited in each of: Dimitar Angelov, “Certains Aspects de la Conquete Des Peuples 
Balkaniques par les Turcs” Byzantinoslavica, 1956, Vol. 17, pp. 220-275. English translation in, A.G. Bostom, The Legacy of 
Jihad, Amherst, N.Y.: Prometheus Books, 2005, pp. 462-517; Apostolos E. Vacalopoulos. Origins of the Greek Nation- The 
Byzantine Period, 1204-1461. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Rutgers University Press, 1970.; Speros Vryonis. The Decline of 
Medieval Hellenism in Asia Minor and the Process of Islamization from the Elevemth through the Fifteenth Century, Berkeley, 
CA: University of California Press, 1971 (Paperback, 1986).
4. Bat Ye’or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity Under Islam, p. 55-56.
5. Paul Wittek. The Rise of the Ottoman Empire. London, The Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland, 1938 (reprinted 
1966), p. 18.
6. Speros Vryonis. “Nomadization and Islamization in Asia Minor” , Dumbarton Oaks Papers, Vol.29, 1975, p. 49. 
7. Vryonis, “Nomadization and Islamization in Asia Minor”, p. 49
8. Paul Wittek. The Rise of the Ottoman Empire. London, p. 14. Wittek (also p. 14) includes this discussion, with a block quote 
from Ahmedi’s text,
The chapter Ahmedi devotes in his Iskender-name to the history of the Ottoman sultans, the ancestors of his protector 
Sulayman Tshelebi, son of Bayazid I, begins with an introduction in which the poet solemnly declares his intention of writing a 
Ghazawat-name, a book about the holy war of the Ghazis. He poses the question” “Why have the Ghazis appeared at last?” And 
he answers: “Because the best always comes at the end. Just as the definitive prophet Mohammed came after the others, just 
as the Koran came down from heaven after the Torah, the Psalms and the Gospels, so also the Ghazis appeared in the world at 
the last, “ those Ghazis the reign of whom is that of the Ottomans. The poet continues with this question: “Who is a Ghazi?”. 
And he explains: “A Ghazi is the instrument of the religion of Allah, a servant of God who purifies the earth from the filth of 
polytheism (remember that Islam regards the Trinity of the Christians as a polytheism); the Ghazi is the sword of God, he is the 
protector and refuge of the believers. If he becomes a martyr in the ways of God, do not believe that he has died- he lives in 
beatitude with Allah, he has eternal life”. 
9. Halil Inalcik. The Ottoman Empire-The Classical Age, 1300-1600, London: Weidenfeld and Nicolson, 1973, p. 6.
10. Vacalopoulos. Origins of the Greek Nation- The Byzantine Period, p.66.
11. Speros Vryonis. “The Experience of Christians under Seljuk and Ottoman Domination, Eleventh to Sixteenth Century”, in 
Conversion and Continuity: Indigenous Christian Communities in Islamic lands, Eighth to Eighteenth Centuries, edited by 
Michael Gervers and Ramzi Jibran Bikhazi, Toronto: Pontifical Institute of Medieval Studies, 1990, p. 201
12. Vacalopoulos. Origins of the Greek Nation- The Byzantine Period, pp. 61-62.
13. Angelov, “Certains Aspects de la Conquete Des Peuples Balkaniques par les Turcs”, pp. 220-275; Vacalopoulos. Origins of 
the Greek Nation- The Byzantine Period, pp. 69-85.
14. Vacalopoulos. Origins of the Greek Nation- The Byzantine Period, p. 77.
15. Vacalopoulos. Origins of the Greek Nation- The Byzantine Period, p. 73.
16. Angelov, “Certains Aspects de la Conquete Des Peuples Balkaniques par les Turcs”, pp. 236, 238-239
17. Joseph Hacker, “Ottoman Policy Toward the Jews and Jewish Attitudes toward the Ottomans during the Fifteenth Century”, 
pp. 117-126, in, Christians and Jews in the Ottoman empire : the functioning of a plural society / edited by Benjamin Braude 
and Bernard Lewis (New York : Holmes & Meier Publishers), 1982, p. 117. 
18. Hacker, “Ottoman Policy”, p. 120.
19. Ivo Andric, The Development of Spiritual Life in Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, (1924 doctoral dissertation), 
English translation, Durham, North Carolina, 1990, Chaps. 2 and 3, pp. 16-38.
19. http://51.051.3.731subf16:MDolluo971717348139ЧЗ
20. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, pp. 23-24
21. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, pp. 24-25
22. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, p.78 note 2
23. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, p. 25
24. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, pp. 25-26
25. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, pp. 26, 80 note 11
26. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, pp. 26-27
27. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, p. 30
28. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, p.30
29. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, pp. 30-31.
30. Andric, Bosnia Under the Influence of Turkish Rule, p.38.
31. Jovan Cvijic, La Peninsule Balkanique, Paris, 1918, p. 389; Translated excerpt in Bat Ye'or, Islam and Dhimmitude-Where 
Civilzations Collide, Cranbury, New Jersey: Associated University Presses, 2001, p. 108.
32. Paul Ricaut. The Present State of the Greek and Armenian Churches, Anno Christi 1678, London, 1679 (reprinted, New 
York, 1970), pp. 1-30.
33. Vryonis, The Decline of Medieval Hellenism in Asia Minor, pp. 340-43, 351-402.
34. Vryonis, The Decline of Medieval Hellenism in Asia Minor, p. 342.
35. Demetrios Constantelos. “The ‘Neomartyrs’ as Evidence for Methods and Motives Leading to Conversion and Martyrdom in 
the Ottoman Empire” The Greek Orthodox Theological Review, 1978, Vol. 23, p. 228.
36. Constantelos. “The ‘Neomartyrs’ ”, pp. 217-218.
37. Constantelos. “The ‘Neomartyrs’ ”, p. 226.
38. Constantelos. “The ‘Neomartyrs’ ”, p. 227.
39. Abdolonyme Ubicini, Lettres Sur La Turque, Vol. 2, Paris, 1854, p. 32; English translation in Bat Ye’or, The Decline of 
Eastern Christianity, p. 181
40. A.E. Vacalopoulos. “Background and Causes of the Greek Revolution”, Neo-Hellenika, 1975, pp.54-55.
41. Stanford Shaw. History of the Ottoman Empire and Modern Turkey, 2 Vols, Cambridge, 1976. See for example, Vol.1, pp. 
19, 24.
42. Bernard Lewis. What Went Wrong? Western Impact and Middle Eastern Response. Oxford University Press, 2002, pp. 114-
115.
43. A.E. Vacalopoulos. The Greek Nation, 1453-1669, New Brunswick, New Jersey, Rutgers University Press, 1976, p.41; 
Vasiliki Papoulia, “The Impact of Devshirme on Greek Society”, in War and Society in East Central Europe, Editor-in-Chief, Bela 
K. Kiraly, 1982, Vol. II, pp. 561-562.
44. Bernard Lewis, The Muslim Discovery of Europe, pp.190-191. Lewis also describes the devshirme solely as a form of social 
advancement for Balkan Christians in both the 1968 (p.5) and 2002 (also p. 5) editions of The Emergence of Modern Turkey 
(Oxford University Press):
…the Balkan peoples had an enormous influence on the Ottoman ruling class. One of the most important channels was the 
devshirme, the levy of boys, by means of which countless Balkan Christians entered the military and political elites of the 
Empire. 
45. Speros Vryonis, Jr. “Seljuk Gulams and Ottoman Devshirmes”, Der Islam Vol. 41, 1965, pp. 245-247.
46. Vasiliki Papoulia, “The Impact of Devshirme on Greek Society”, pp. 554-555.
47. Vasiliki Papoulia, “The Impact of Devshirme on Greek Society”, p. 557.
48. Oliver Warner, William Wilberforce and His Times, London, 1962.
49. J.B. Kelly, Britain and the Persian Gulf, Oxford, 1968, pp. 588-589.
50. Christopher Lloyd, The Navy and The Slave Trade, London, 1949. 
51. http://51.927.4.463subf18:EFlqxma713369592384ПЏ
52. http://51.517.-0.083plusf95:QEopjnn365893154526ЗН
53. Edouard Engelhardt, La Turquie et La Tanzimat, 2 Vols., 1882, Paris, Vol. p.111, Vol. 2 p. 171; English translation in, Bat 
Ye'or. Islam and Dhimmitude— Where Civilizations Collide, Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 2001, pp. 431—342. 
54. Reports from Her Majesty's Consuls Relating to the Condition of the Christians in Turkey, 1867 volume, pp. 5,29. See also 
related other reports by various consuls and vice—consuls, in the 1860 vol., p.58; the 1867 vol, pp. 4,5,6,14,15; and the 1867 
vol., part 2, p.3 [All cited in, Vahakn Dadrian. Chapter 2, 'The Clash Between Democratic Norms and Theocratic Dogmas',  
Warrant for Genocide, New Brunswick, New Jersey, Transaction Publishers, pp. 26—27, n. 4]; See also, extensive excerpts from 
these reports in, Bat Ye'or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity, pp. 409—433. 
55. Excerpts from Bulwer's report reproduced in, Bat Ye'or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity, pp. 423—426
56. Tudor Parfitt, The Jews of Palestine, Suffolk (UK), 1987, Boydell Press, pp. 168, 172—73.
57. Roderick Davison. 'Turkish Attitudes Concerning Christian—Muslim Equality in the Nineteenth Century' American Historical 
Review, Vol. 59, pp. 848, 855, 859, 864.
58. Quoted in,   Andre Servier. Islam and the Psychology of the Musulman, translated by A. S. Moss—Blundell, London, 1924, 
pp. 241—42.  
59. Januarius A. MacGahan. The Turkish atrocities in Bulgaria. (reprinted) Geneva, 1976; Yono Mitev. The April Uprising and 
European Public Opinion, Sofia Press, 1978; Philip Shashko. 'The Bulgarian massacres of 1876 reconsidered: reaction to the 
April uprising or premeditated attack?' Etudes Balkaniques, 1986, Vol. 22, pp. 18—25.
60. Vahakn Dadrian. The History of the Armenian Genocide, Providence, Rhode Island: Bergahn Books, 1995, pp. 113—172.
61. Dadrian, History of the Armenian Genocide, pp. 219—234.
62. Speros Vryonis, Jr. The Mechanism of Catastrophe—The Turkish Pogrom of September 6—7, 1955, and The Destruction of 
the Greek Community of Istanbul,  New York, Greekworks.com, 2005, p. 555.

