# 1.19 The fall of the Christian state of Lebanon

> 原文页码: 190-218

1.19 The fall of the Christian state of Lebanon
Lebanon, a fake state, a fake democracy which we pretend exists while in fact it is a 
Jihadist battleground, administered by terrorised dhimmi notables in the service of their 
Muslim masters. Only around 25% are now Christian, down from 79% in 1911. How did 
it come to this? And more importantly, how could France, the rest of the EU and the 
United States let Christian Lebanon fall?
Preface
Christians in the Middle East are fast disappearing from the area. The Lebanese 
Christians, who constitute the only influential Christian community in the Middle East, are 
fast declining in numbers and power.
This paper discusses the history of the Christian minority in Lebanon, and the decline of 
their hold on political power, in favour of the Muslim majority. It will focus on the 
Christian contribution to the cause of the civil war and the Ta'if accord which brought an 
end to that war. The paper will be divided into eight chapters. The paper will start by 
giving a brief overview of the special influential Christian position in the 19th century and 
its survival during the 1860 civil war with the Muslim Druzes. Then it will discuss the role 
of Christians in the formation of the Lebanese Republic and Lebanese independence.
Christian nationalism is looked at in depth, in order to discover the roots of the civil war 
with the Muslims. Moreover, it was the existence of many different ideological Christian 
parties that incited the civil war. 
This paper will concentrate on the role of Christians in the civil war of 1975-1990. The 
main focus will also be on the causes of the decay of Christian status in Lebanon. In 
1990, the civil war 'is said to have' ended* following the Christian Army's General Michel 
Aoun defeated by the Syrian military. The paper will show how at the end of the civil war, 
Christians were perceived as losers and Muslims as winners of the civil war. It will 
demonstrate that the role of the Lebanese Christians has became negligible and it is a 
matter of time when the Christians will surrender their remaining powers to their Muslims 
counterparts. 
*The claim that there was an end to the civil war is vigorously rejected by many because 
60,000 Syrian soldier and their secret service continue to occupy Lebanon together with 
5,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards, and thousands of Palestinian from Fatah, Popular Front 
"Jabha el Sha’beyyeh" and other terrorists organisations operate and have a freehand in 
Lebanon.
Chapter 1: Christian Status prior to 1945
The birth of Christianity in Lebanon and the advent of Islam
Despite the fact that Islam prevailed 600 years after Christianity, the Middle East is now 
overwhelmingly populated with Muslims, with the Christian minority comprising about 14 
million Christians or 10% of the population.
The Christians, mainly Maronite, have existed in the area, of what is known today as 
Lebanon since the fourth century, and moved in large numbers to Mount Lebanon(Jabal 
Loubnan) in the eighth and ninth centuries. The Maronites[44] took their name from John 
Maron, a learned monk who was Patriach of Antioch in the 8th century. The Muslim 
(Shiite, Sunni and the Druze sects) community emerged in Mount Lebanon at a later 
stage. 
Marguerite Johnson traces the heritage of the Lebanese Christians directly to Jesus. By 
the 5th century, Christianity became the dominant religion in the area of Lebanon. After 
the forceful advent of Islam beginning in the 7th Century, many Christian communities 
along the coast of Lebanon converted to Islam. However, the mountains of Lebanon 
remained a Christian haven.
Peter Kolvenbach saw that the history of Lebanon's Christians and the history of Lebanon 
were so intertwined that without the Christians, and especially its Maronite sect, there 
would not have been a Lebanon and without Lebanon the destiny of Christians in the 
Middle East would have been different.
The 1860 civil war between the Maronites and the Druze[45] erupted when Maronite 
peasants revolted against their landlords who were given land ownership by the Ottoman 
Empire. The Druze launched a pre-emptive strike against villages in the north with the 
help of Turkish officials. Engine Akarli mentioned that few Shiites and Sunnites, joined 
the Druze against the Maronites and the Greek Orthodox Christians (even though the 
Greek Orthodox had been friendly with the Druze before this incident). Akarli said that 
the Ottoman troops themselves failed to stop the Druze attacks due to their 
unwillingness to fight fellow Muslims.
The 1860 civil war left more than 15,000 Christians dead and more than ten thousand 
homeless. Later, however, the Ottoman foreign ministry imprisoned the Druze leaders 
involved in the war, and even punished a number of Ottoman officers and officials for 
having failed to prevent the 1860 civil war.
This was the first Lebanese civil war between Christians and Muslims. It is important to 
note that the Maronites had been subject to persecution by the Turkish rulers over 
centuries. However, the 1860 war was the first of its kind between the Lebanese people 
themselves. 
It is hard to ignore the role of the Maronite Church in Lebanon in any study of the 
Christian political status in Lebanon. The role of the Maronite Church in Lebanon focused 
on strengthening the status of Christians during the Ottoman rule. Following the purge of 
the Druze leadership by the Turkish authorities, the Maronite Church emerged as the only 
significant institution in the Lebanese Mountains. The Church's special position 
encouraged it to aspire to greater influence. It was very conscious not only of the 
overwhelming numerical superiority of the Christians over the Druze in the Mountains, 
but also of the greater educational and material advances of the Maronites.
The 1860 events had created uproar in Europe, particularly in France. Although the 
Turkish Empire took swift action against the Druze, a large French force landed in Beirut 
for the purpose of protecting the Maronites and other Christians. Foreign intervention by 
the French persuaded the Ottoman Empire to form a small force in Mount Lebanon, which 
comprised of 160 men, 97 Maronites, 40 Druzes, 16 Greek Orthodox, 5 Greeks Catholics 
and 2 Muslims. Later on, Mount Lebanon was able to mount a military force of 10,000 
men where Arabic replaced Turkish as the language of command and instruction. This 
development helped to strengthen the Christians who were the main core of the force. 
Moreover Christians were happy to be given a sort of autonomy by the Muslim Turkish 
Empire. 
John Spagnolo wrote that in this particular period of 1860, international communities 
were looking after the interests of communities within Lebanon of a similar faith. For 
example, Russia wanted three seats to be reserved for the Greek Orthodox. In its turn, 
France wanted the Maronite representation to be increased on the administrative council 
of the mutasarrifiyya. 
The protection of Christianity by the international community helped increase its survival 
chances in the midst of the Muslim conquest in the Middle East region. Marguerite 
Johnson noted that from the Byzantines and the Crusades in the Middle Ages to the 
French and Americans in 1984, the Christians have repeatedly relied on foreign powers to 
guarantee their survival and political power.
Because this section does not give sufficient information on the subject, the following 
material is inserted from another article in this site entitled "Phoenician Christians[46]:"
Advent of Islam and Christians of the East 
By Dr. George Khoury, Catholic Information Network (CIN)
The Arab Prophet
During his lifetime, Muhammad reacted differently at different times to Jews and 
Christians depending on the reception they accorded him and also on his dealings with 
Christian states. At first, Muhammad favoured the Christians and condemned the Jews 
because they acted as his political opponents. This is reflected in Sura 5:85 : Thou wilt 
surely find the most hostile of men to the believers are the Jews and the idolaters; and 
thou wilt surely find the nearest of them in love to the believers are those who say, "We 
are nasara"; that, because some of them are priests and monks, and they wax not 
proud. (Sura 5:85; see also Sura 2:62; 5:69; 12:17).
Later he turned against them and attacked their belief that Jesus was God's son (Sura 
9:30), denounced the dogma of the Trinity (4:17), and pointed to the division of the 
Christians amongst themselves (5:14). Most often though, Muhammad adopted an 
intermediate position: the Christians are mentioned together with the Jews as "People of 
the Book," while their claim of possessing the true religion is refuted. (See Sura :114; 
3:135, 140; 9:29). And they will be punished by God.
Fight those who believe not in God and the Last Day and do not forbid what God and His 
Messenger have forbidden--such men as practice not the religion of truth, being of those 
who have been given the Book until they pay the tribute out of hand...That is the 
utterance of their mouths, conforming with the unbelievers before God. God assail them! 
How they are perverted! They have taken their rabbis and their monks as lords apart 
from God, and the Messiah's, Mary's son, and they were commanded to serve but One 
God; there is no God but He (Suras 29-31).
During his lifetime Muhammad settled his relations with Christian political entities by 
treaties whereby they were allowed to keep their churches and priests, and also had to 
pay tribute and render some services to Muslims.
During the period of two hundred years following Muhammad's death, the attitude of 
Islam to Christianity remained generally similar to what it had been during the closing 
years of the prophet's life; Christianity was regarded as parallel to Islam, but corrupt. To 
this extent, Islam was superior. The outstanding consequence of this period, however, 
was the impressing on the masses of ordinary Muslims the view that Christianity was 
corrupt and unreliable. This, together with the death penalty for apostasy, kept the 
Muslims in lands ruled by the scimitar effectively insulated from Christian propaganda. 
Let us view this more closely, considering first the period immediately following the death 
of the prophet in 633 A.D.
The Covenant of Umar I (634-644)
The year after the death of the prophet in Arabia, the stage was set for a full-dress 
invasion of neighbouring lands. In 634 the Arab forces won a decisive victory at 
Ajnadayn, and Damascus surrendered to Khalid ibn-al-Waleed in September 635. 
Jerusalem capitulated in 638 and Caesarea fell in 640, and between 639 and 646 all 
Mesopotamia and Egypt were subjugated. The last links connecting these Christian lands 
with Rome and Byzantium were severed; new ones with Mecca and Medina were forged. 
In about a decade the Muslim conquests changed the face of the Near East; in about a 
century they changed the face of the civilised world. Far from being peripheral, the 
victories of Islam proved to be a decisive factor in pruning life and growth of Eastern 
Christianity.
After the Arab invasions have stopped, there arose the problem of administering these 
new lands. Umar ibn-al-Khattab (634-644) was the first man to address himself to this 
problem. Despite the fact that later additions were made to it, it is agreed that the 
surviving covenant represents Umar's own policy. The conquered peoples were given a 
new status, that of dhimmis (or ahl-al-Dhimmi). As dhimmis they were subject to tribute 
which comprised both a land-tax (later kharaj) and a poll-tax (later jizyah) while they 
enjoyed the protection of Islam and were exempt from military duty, because only a 
Muslim could draw his sword in defence of Islam.
How Greek Science Passed to the Arabs
The Christian community, educated and civilised in the multicultural Byzantine east, was 
the catalyst that brought modern education and learning to the invading Arab tribes. By 
translating the works of the Greeks and other early thinkers and by their own 
contribution, the Christian community played a vital rule in transmitting knowledge. Later 
on, that flourished in the major Arab contribution to the fields of science and art. Some 
names of Eastern non-Arab Christians that should be remember for this often forgotten 
and unappreciated fact are:
Yusuf al-Khuri al-Qass, who translated Archemides lost work on triangles from a Syriac 
version. He also made an Arabic of Galen's De Simplicibus temperamentis et facultatibus. 
Qusta Ibn Luqa al-Ba'lbakki, a Syriac Christian, who translated Hypsicles, Theodosius' 
Sphaerica, Heron's Mechanics, Autolycus Theophrastus' Meteora, Galen's catalog of his 
books, John Philoponus on the Phsyics of Aristotle and several other works. He also revised 
the existing translation of Euclid. Abu Bishr Matta Ibn Yunus al-Qanna'i, who translated 
Aristotle's Poetica. Abu Zakariya Yahya Ibn 'Adi al-Mantiqi, a monophysite, who translated 
medical and logical works, including the Prolegomena of Ammonius, an introduction to 
Porphyry's Isagoge. Al-Hunayn Ibn Ipahim Ibn al-Hasan Ibn Khurshid at-Tabari an-Natili, 
and the monophysite Abu 'Ali 'Isa Ibn Ishaq Ibn Zer'a. Yuhanna Ibn Batriq, an Assyrian, 
who produced the Sirr al-asrar. 'Abd al-Masih Ibn 'Aballah Wa'ima al-Himse, also an 
Assyrian, who translated the Theology of Aristotle (but this was an apidged paraphrase of 
the Enneads by Plotinus). Abu Yahya al-Batriq, another Assyrian, who translated Ptolemy's 
Tetrabiblos. Jipa'il II, son of Bukhtyishu' II, of the prominent Assyrian medical family 
mentioned above, Abu Zakariah Yahya Ibn Masawaih, an Assyrian Nestorian. He authored a 
textbook on Ophthalmology, Daghal al-'ayn (The Disease of the eye). Hunayn Ibn Ishaq, an 
Assyrian. Sergius of Rashayn, "a celepated physician and philosopher, skilled in Greek and 
translator into Syriac of various works on medicine, philosophy, astronomy, and theology". 
Other Monopysite translators were Ya'qub of Surug, Aksenaya (Philoxenos), an alumnus of 
the school of Edessa, Mara, bishop of Amid. 
For further details, see book review: How Greek Science Passed to the Arabs[47]
The Ummayads
The Ummayad caliphs (661-750) lived as Arabs first and Muslim second. As a 
consequence, their era was liberal in both political and religious matters. However, during 
the rule of the Ummayad caliph Umar II (717-720) there arose the concern to summon 
conquered peoples to Islam and to create favorable conditions allowing an equitable or 
better participation of all Muslims in the social and political life of the community. Umar 
was shocked that non-Muslims should exercise authority over Muslims, and tried to 
prevent it. In Egypt he removed some of the Coptic officials from their positions and 
replaced them by Muslims, and it seems that he applied this policy throughout the whole 
empire. He wrote to the governor of Egypt: "I do not know a secretary or official in any 
part of your government who was not a Muslim but I dismissed him and appointed in his 
stead a Muslim." This policy of Umar II was translated during the later Abbasid era into a 
major program due to the discontent of many Muslims with the excesses and corruption 
of the liberal Ummayad caliphs and the frustration that non-Arabian Muslims, especially 
Persian Muslims, felt on being treated as second-class citizens. Also due to external 
political circumstances and to the unruly and socially disruptive conduct of some 
Christian groups, Umar II reacted with some vehemence against the Christians. He 
abrogated the jizyah for any Christian who converted, and imposed other demeaning 
restrictions:
Christians may not be witnesses against Muslims. They may not hold public office. They 
may not pray aloud or sound their clappers. They may not wear the qaba', nor ride on a 
saddle. A Muslim who would kill a Christian would be liable to a fine, not death. He 
abolished the financial arrangements whereby churches, convents and the charities were 
maintained. Despite these exceptions, Ummayd rule was characterised on the whole by 
political as well as religious and intellectual liberalism. That is why Ummayad caliphs, 
with the exception of Umar II, did not press for or even favour, conversion to the Islamic 
faith.
The Abbasid Era (750-1258)
With the Umayyad's fall in 750 the hegemony of Syria in the world of Islam ended and 
the glory of the country passed away. The coming to power of the Abbasid dynasty 
marked a radical change in the balance of power within the caliphate. In a vast and 
complex body such as the caliphate had now become, there was an intricate network of 
party interests, sometimes conflicting and sometimes coinciding. The recovery of the 
equilibrium was thus no simple matter; and for the whole of this century, (i.e., the 8th 
century) the caliphs had as a prominent aim the framing of a policy which would rally the 
majority of the inhabitants behind it. In an Islamic environment, it was inevitable that 
such a political struggle should have religious implications. First, and vis-a-vis other 
Muslim groups, the Abbasid caliphate touched a number of risings of Kharajites who 
refused to submit to the new rule. There were also other opponents who questioned the 
legitimacy of the Abbasids' claim to the caliphate. As for the Christians as well as for the 
rest of ahl-al-Dhimmi, the Abbasid era would prove to be less tolerant of non-Muslims 
and would either re-enact old anti- Christian legislation or create new restrictions.
The Abbasids chose Baghdad for headquarters, though for a short period of time al-
Mutawakkil (847-861) transferred his his seat back from Iraq to Damascus (885). As the 
Melkites[48] were few in numbers in Mesopotamia it was the Nestorians and the 
Jacobites who under Abbasid rule shared more strongly in the literary life of the country 
and brought greater contributions.The beginning of the Abbasid caliphate until the reign 
of al-Mutawakkil (847-861) marked the zenith of the Nestorian Church from mid 8th 
century to mid 9th century. This prodigious success was made possible by the great 
number of zealous and educated monks, formed by the many schools existing at the 
time. In Baghdad itself, there were apparently many important monasteries, groups of 
professors, and students. There were, for example, the school of Deir Kalilisu and Deir 
Mar Fatyun and the school of Karh.
In the last two schools medicine and philosophy were taught along with the sacred 
disciplines. Christian physicians and especially scribes exerted some kind of tutelage 
within the Nestorian Church, and tried their best to obtain for their community a more 
benevolent legislation from Muslim rulers. Though the Abbasids showed tolerance 
towards the other religious, non-Muslim groups, still their tolerance was displayed mostly 
vis-a-vis some of their coreligionists who lived on the margins of traditional Islam.
The Christians, especially the Melkites who lived in the eastern provinces of the empire, 
had much to endure. Before, al-Mutawakkil Abu Gafar al-Mansur (754-775) imposed 
many vexing measures upon the Christians. In 756, he forbade Christians to build new 
churches, to display the cross in public, or to speak about religions with Muslims. In 757, 
he imposed taxes on monks, even on those who lived as hermits, and he used Jews to 
strip sacristies for the treasury. In 759, he removed all Christians from positions in the 
treasury. In 766 he had the crosses on top of the churches brought down, forbade every 
nocturnal liturgical celebration and forbade the study of any language other than Arabic. 
In 722, he required both Jews and Christians to exhibit an external sign to distinguish 
them from other believers. Abu Gafar al-Mansur also put in prison, for different 
reasons, the Melkite Patriarch Theodoret, the Patriarch Georges, and the Nestorian 
Catholicos James. Al-Mahdi (775-785) intensified the persecution and had all the 
churches built since the Arab conquest destroyed. The Christian tribes of Banu Tanuh, 
which counted 5000 fighters, were forced to embrace Islam. Angered by the defeats he 
incurred at the hands of the Byzantines, al-Mahdi sent troops to Homs in Syria, to have 
all the Christians abjure their faith. However, many of these laws were not enforced. For 
example, when Umar II tried to dismiss all dhimmis from government services, such 
confusion resulted that the order was ignored.
The Barmakid viziers, of Turkish origin, who were the strong arm of the Abbasid caliphs, 
seem to have manifested a certain measure of benevolence towards ahl-al-Dhimmi (the 
tributaries) and especially towards the Christians. It is only at the end of the rule of 
Harun al-Rahid (786-809), i.e., after the disgrace of the Barmakids, that some measures 
were taken against the Christians. Harun al-Rashid re-enacted some of the anti-Christian 
and anti-Jewish measures introduced by Umar II (717-720). In 807, he ordered all 
churches erected since the Muslim conquest demolished. He also decreed that members 
of tolerated sects should wear a prescribed garb. But evidently much of this legislation 
was not enforced. Under his son al-Ma'mun (813-833) there was in 814 a general 
persecution in Syria and in Palestine. Many Christians and church dignitaries escaped into 
Cyprus and into Byzantine territories. Conditions under al-Watheq (842-847) did not 
improve and were sad indeed for the Christians. Under al-Mutawwakil (847-861) there 
was intensification of discontent on the part of Christians due to harsh conditions 
imposed on them. In 850 and 854 al-Mutawwakil revived the discriminatroy legislation 
and supplemented it by new features, which were the most stringent ever issued against 
the minorities. Christians and Jews were enjoined to affix wooden images of devils to 
their houses, level their graves even with the ground, wear outer garments of yellow 
colour, and ride only on mules and asses with wooden saddles marked by two 
pomegranates-like balls on the cantle. Basing their contention on a Qur'anic charge that 
the Jews and the Christians had corrupted the text of their scriptures (Surs. 2:70; 5:16-
18), the contemporary jurists ruled that no testimony of a Jew or Christian was 
admissible against a Muslim.
Legally speaking, the law put the male dhimmi below the male Muslim in nearly every 
way. It protected his life and property but did not accept his evidence. Eight acts put the 
dhimmi outside the law: conspiring to fight the Muslims, copulation with a Muslim 
woman, an attempt to marry one, an attempt to turn Muslim from his religion, robbery of 
a Muslim on the highway, acting as a spy or a guide to unbelievers, or the killing of a 
Muslim. However, despite these stringent laws, the social status of Christians was not 
that bleak. The consequences of this anti-Christian legislation were mitigated to a certain 
degree by the number and influence of some Christians in prestigious and vital 
professions, such as in medicine and high positions of government; e.g., Abu l-Hasan 
Sa'id ibn Amr-ibn-Sangala, who occupied the position of secretary under the Caliph al-
Radi (934-40), and who was as well appointed as special secretary for the two sons of 
the Caliph in 935, and also Minister of Expenditure, and who rendered inestimable 
services to the Christians. Because Islam prohibits the practice of usury to Muslims, 
Christians exercised a certain monopoly on the trades of goldsmith, jeweller, and money-
lender. Consequently, many Christians were rich and this stirred further feelings of 
jealousy against them. On the whole, relations between Muslims and Christians were 
peaceful and unfair laws were not always enforced.
However, the Christians could not help but feel and endure the stigma of inferiority. Even 
the literature of Islamo-Christian controversy should not mislead us on their true 
condition in the land of Islam. The tolerance they enjoyed was not the result of a state 
policy consistently upheld by all the caliphs. On the part of the caliphs, it was mostly 
motivated by their concern to protect and advance the sciences and the arts. The 
Islamisation of Syria and Iraq and other lands no doubt facilitated Arabisation. After the 
Arab military victory, there was the conquest and victory of Islam as a religion when 
many Christians in Syria and other lands converted to Islam to escape their oppressive 
and humiliating conditions. Finally there was the linguistic victory as Arabic supplanted 
Greek and Syriac.
Addendum: Persecution of the Coptic Church
The Christian Coptic Orthodox Church Of Egypt[49]
Perhaps the greatest glory of the Coptic Church is its Cross. Copts take pride in the 
persecution they have sustained as early as May 8, 68 A.D., when their Patron Saint Mark 
was slain on Easter Monday after being dragged from his feet by Roman soldiers all over 
Alexandria's streets and alleys. The Copts have been persecuted by almost every ruler of 
Egypt. Their Clergymen have been tortured and exiled even by their Christian brothers 
after the schism of Chalcedon in 451 A.D. and until the Arab's conquest of Egypt in 641 
A.D. To emphasise their pride in their cross, Copts adopted a calendar, called the 
Calendar of the Martyrs, which begins its era on August 29, 284 A.D., in commemoration 
of those who died for their faith during the rule of Diocletian the Roman Emperor. This 
calendar is still in use all over Egypt by farmers to keep track of the various agricultural 
seasons and in the Coptic Church Lectionary.
For the four centuries that followed the Arab's conquest of Egypt, the Coptic Church 
generally flourished and Egypt remained basically Christian. This is due to a large extent 
to the fortunate position that the Copts enjoyed, for the Prophet of Islam, who had an 
Egyptian wife (the only one of his wives to bear a child), preached especial kindness 
towards Copts: "When you conquer Egypt, be kind to the Copts for they are your 
proteges and kith and kin". Copts, thus, were allowed to freely practice their religion and 
were to a large degree autonomous, provided they continued to pay a special tax, called 
"Gezya", that qualifies them as "Ahl Zemma" proteges (protected). Individuals who 
cannot afford to pay this tax were faced with the choice of either converting to Islam or 
losing their civil right to be "protected", which in some instances meant being killed. 
Copts, despite additional sumptuary laws that were imposed on them in 750-868 A.D. 
and 905-935 A.D. under the Abbasid Dynasties, prospered and their Church enjoyed one 
of its most peaceful era. Surviving literature from monastic centers, dating back from the 
8th to the 11th century, shows no drastic break in the activities of Coptic craftsmen, such 
as weavers, leather-binders, painters, and wood-workers. Throughout that period, the 
Coptic language remained the language of the land, and it was not until the second half 
of the 11th century that the first bi-lingual Coptic-Arabic liturgical manuscripts started to 
appear. One of the first complete Arabic texts is the 13th century text by Awlaad El-Assal 
(children of the Honey Maker), in which the laws, cultural norms and traditions of the 
Copts at this pivotal time, 500 years after the Islamic conquest of Egypt were detailed. 
The adoption of the Arabic language as the language used in Egyptians' every-day's life 
was so slow that even in the 15th century al-Makrizi implied that the Coptic Language 
was still largely in use. Up to this day, the Coptic Language continues to be the liturgical 
language of the Church.
The Christian face of Egypt started to change by the beginning of the second millennium 
A.D., when Copts, in addition to the "Gezya" tax, suffered from specific disabilities, some 
of which were serious and interfered with their freedom of worship. For example, there 
were restrictions on repairing old Churches and building new ones, on testifying in court, 
on public behaviour, on adoption, on inheritance, on public religious activities, and on 
dress codes. Slowly but steadily, by the end of the 12th century, the face of Egypt 
changed from a predominantly Christian to a predominantly Muslim country and the 
Coptic community occupied an inferior position and lived in some expectation of Muslim 
hostility, which periodically flared into violence. It is remarkable that the well-being of 
Copts was more or less related to the well-being of their rulers. In particular, the Copts 
suffered most in those periods when Arab dynasties were at their low.
The position of the Copts began to improve early in the 19th century under the stability 
and tolerance of Muhammad Ali's dynasty. The Coptic community ceased to be regarded 
by the state as an administrative unit and, by 1855 A.D., the main mark of Copts' 
inferiority, the "Gezya" tax was lifted, and shortly thereafter Copts started to serve in the 
Egyptian army. The 1919 A.D. revolution in Egypt, the first grassroots display of Egyptian 
identity in centuries, stands as a witness to the homogeneity of Egypt's modern society 
with both its Muslim and Coptic sects. Today, this homogeneity is what keeps the 
Egyptian society united against the religious intolerance of extremist groups, who 
occasionally subject the Copts to persecution and terror. Modern day martyrs, like Father 
Marcos Khalil, serve as reminders of the miracle of Coptic survival.
Despite persecution, the Coptic Church as a religious institution has never been 
controlled or allowed itself to control the governments in Egypt. This long-held position of 
the Church concerning the separation between State and Religion stems from the words 
of the Lord Jesus Christ himself, when he asked his followers to submit to their rulers: 
‘‘Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are 
God's.'' [Mathew 22:21]. The Coptic Church has never forcefully resisted authorities or 
invaders and was never allied with any powers, for the words of the Lord Jesus Christ are 
clear: ‘‘Put your sword in its place, for all who take the sword will perish by the sword.'' 
(Mathew 26:52). The miraculous survival of the Coptic Church till this day and age is a 
living proof of the validity and wisdom of these teachings.
Autonomous government and birth of sectarian power sharing following the 
1860 civil war.
The origin of the Christian hold of power in Lebanon can be dated back to 1861. In 1861 
foreign powers imposed what is known as the "Reglement Organique" in which the 
Ottoman government designated Mount Lebanon as an autonomous Ottoman province to 
be ruled by a non-Lebanese Ottoman Christian governor, selected by the Sultan, and 
approved by the great powers Of Europe. The autonomous province was to become a 
special Ottoman governornate or mutasarrifiyya. A new 12-member council whose seats 
were allocated on a sectarian basis aided the governor. Aziz Abu Hamad said that this 
system increased the Maronites power at the expense of the Druze and other sects. 
In the opinion of one historian, Aziz Abu Hamad, Christians from 1861 were able to be 
autonomous during the Ottoman rule. This was very crucial for the development of their 
nationalism and their aim of forming a Christian state. Many Maronites conceived the 
mutasarrifiyya as the basis for an independent Lebanon that would be a Christian bastion 
and an out-post of Western Europe in the Middle East.
The Christian Druze confrontation spilled into the beginning of the twentieth century. For 
instance, in September 1903, Christian and Muslim clashes resulted in the death of 7 
Christians and 15 Muslims. An estimated 20,000 Christians, mainly Maronites, took 
refuge in the mountains until sectarian tempers cooled.
The French mandate and the increase of the Christian political influence 
Christian power in Lebanon increased in September 1920 with the establishment of the 
state of Lebanon under the French mandate. The creation of Grand Liban (Greater 
Lebanon) by general Gouraud, High Commissioner for Syria and Lebanon, was the first 
step taken by France to fulfil its pledges to its traditional Lebanese Christians, especially 
the Maronites for the establishment of a Christian state. The establishment of an 
independent Christian state, with extended borders, and under French protection was the 
realisation of a centuries old dream of Christians especially the Maronites.
For the Muslims in Syria and the areas newly attached to Lebanon (Akkar, Tripoli, Beirut, 
Bekaa and the South), however, it was the final blow in a series of demoralising events 
which had began six weeks earlier, with the defeat of the Arab army at Maisalun, and the 
subsequent occupation of Damascus by the French and the expulsion of Faisal the Syrian 
king from Syria. 
The Lebanese Muslims were disappointed about not being able to unite with the Muslim 
dominated Syria. Christians welcomed the French mandate power that sided with them. 
The governance system, which the French designed for Lebanon, favoured Christians 
over Muslims. The establishment of a pro Christian system strengthened the status of the 
Christians in Lebanon and in the Middle East. 
Abbot Paul Naaman adjudged the establishment of the republic of Greater Lebanon to the 
efforts of the Maronite Church, and considered it as the Church's greatest 
accomplishment. Following the creation of Greater Lebanon in 1920, the relations 
between Muslims and Christians in Lebanon deteriorated rapidly; Muslims attacked 
Christian villages in Lebanon. The creation of Greater Lebanon set a time bomb by 
forcing Muslims, whose allegiance was to Syria and to the Arab nation, to be citizens of 
the new state.
Eyal Zisser explained that the Christian population in Lebanon dropped from 85 per cent 
to 54 per cent once the new areas were added to the new region of Lebanon's Mountain. 
The creation of Greater Lebanon would contribute to their fall 70 years later, with the 
addition of those Muslim populated areas.
Sami Ofeish elaborated that the sectarian system was at work as early as 1920s:
Seats in the first parliament, initiated in 1926s were allocated on a sectarian basis. The 
sectarian allocation of top state offices also started to take shape during this period, 
although the Christian elite predominantly filled them.
The 1943 pact
It is very important to look carefully at the structure of the Lebanese political sectarian 
regime. That structure has ensured Christian political dominance until 1990. The 
sectarian system was reinforced with the declaration of independence in 1943 following 
the collapse of the French mandate. President Bishara Al-Khouri (a Christian) and Prime 
minister Riad Soleh (a Muslim) joined in an unwritten agreement, which was called the 
National Pact. 
The National Pact set a new political system for Lebanon. It resolved to preserve the 
position of the presidency for the Maronites, the premiership for the Sunnis, and the 
parliament speakership for the Shiites. Moreover, the Pact agreed to distribute 
parliamentary seats, cabinet posts, and administrative and army positions at all levels on 
a sectarian basis. Sami Ofeish said that the National Pact favoured Christians and in 
particular the Maronite elite.
The 1943 Pact cemented the Christian political power, which was given to them in the 
1920s by the French Mandate. It enabled Christians to rule Muslims for the next 32 years 
until it started to crack in 1975. Certainly, Christians enjoyed overwhelming control of the 
political system, despite the allocation of the next two top political office positions to 
Muslims. 
Similarly Mark Tomass noted that the Christians acquired the lion's share of sectarian 
jobs:
This pervasive sectarianism was reflected in the constitution of 1943 drawn under the 
French Mandate (1920-1945). It allocated specific government posts to sect leaders. 
Because of their greatest and specific ties to France, Maronite-Christians acquired the lion's 
share of posts. 
All the above may give the indication that the Christians were given the edge over the 
Muslims, and, therefore, they dominated the country until the start of civil war. 
Chapter 2: Christians maintained hold on power from 1943-1975 
This chapter argues that the Christians managed to hold on to power despite the Muslims 
attempt to demand a far more share of power from the Christians.
According to Brenda Seaver, the Lebanese political situation between 1943-1975 endured 
periods of severe internal strain. The major causes of this strain were the 1958 civil war, 
the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the influx of Palestinian refugees and the PLO's arrival in 
Lebanon[1]. These above-mentioned events would serve as a catalyst for the civil war of 
1975 and the fall of the 1943 political system in 1990.
The establishment of the new state of Israel and its effects on Christians and 
Muslims in Lebanon
The creation of Israel in 1948 greatly affected the cordial harmony between the Lebanese 
Christians and Muslims. The reason for this is that some Christian leaders publicly met 
with Israel. However, Muslims saw Israel as the main enemy to the Arab world and that 
any cooperation with it would be considered treason.
Patriarch Antoine Arida was the first Christian leader to sign a Zionist-Maronite treaty of 
1946[2]. The treaty laid down the guidelines for the establishment of close ties and co-
operation between the Maronites in Lebanon and the Jewish Yishuv in Palestine, on the 
basis of mutual recognition of rights and national desires[3]. The Christians made no 
secret of the fact that they believed that they could benefit from the ties and experience 
of the Jewish Yishuv[4]. 
Eyal Zisser explained the reason for the Maronites seeking ties with Israel:
The only thing the Maronites wanted was to recruit discreetly Israel support for their 
struggles in the Lebanese domestic arena, keeping these connections as tightly under 
wraps as possible[5].
Despite the fact that the parties involved did not execute the treaty, it shows how 
Christians were looking for an ally to protect them from the enemy within namely "the 
Muslims" who started to gradually distance themselves from the National pact of 1943.
According to Eyal Zisser, there were other Christian leaders who voiced their sympathy to 
the Zionist movement publicly, namely the archbishop of Beirut, Ignatius Mubarak[6]. 
Since the Muslims saw Israel as an obstacle for a mightier Muslim Arabic world, they 
sought support from outsiders such as the Palestinians in the early stages of the 
Lebanese civil war and Syria in the later stages.
The civil unrest of 1958 
The political power of the Christian political elite was challenged in 1958. The country 
was shaken during this period. In 1958 Syria and Egypt came together in the United Arab 
Republic (U.A.R) under full Egyptian command. The union received support among the 
majority of the Lebanese Shiites and Sunnis[7]. 
The Lebanese government dominated by Christians was fearful of the supporters of the 
pro Arab unity who were trying to topple the government. President Camille Chamoun 
backed by the bulk of Christians was absolutely determined to preserve Lebanon. As a 
consequence, only a small spark was needed to ignite widespread violence[8]. Therefore 
on 8th May, unknown assailants killed an anti-regime Maronite journalist in Tripoli (the 
Second largest Lebanese city). Public order instantly collapsed in Tripoli and the Muslim 
sections of Beirut, as riots extended into the mobilisation of gangs and small militias by 
radical parties Nasirites and Ba'th[9]. 
President Chamoun, a Christian, asked the Eisenhower administration to curb the civil 
unrest of 1958. The Eisenhower administration quickly responded by sending 10,000 
Marines, in order to shore up the government's forces. Aziz Abu-Hamad cited that the 
Maronite-led government troops and the Maronite militia battled an alliance of Muslim 
militias and their leftists and Nasirist allies in Tripoli, Beirut, Sidon and Tyre[10]. Aziz 
added that the 1958 crisis was defused when President Chamoun dropped his plans for a 
second term[11]. Christians and Muslims were finally content with the election of the 
army commander Fouad Shihab as the new president, and, consequently, the US 
withdrew from Lebanon.
During the 1958 civil war, the Christian dominated government fought alongside the 
Maronite militia against Muslims and leftists. Even though the 1958 war was caused by 
the clash of pro Lebanese sovereignty and pro Arab unity groups, it reinforced the belief 
that the Lebanese community was divided along sectarian lines. Thus, the Christians 
favoured Lebanese sovereignty while the Muslims favoured Lebanon joining a more 
desired unified Arabic league nation. 
The 1967 Muslim-Jewish war and the Palestinian increased involvement in 
Lebanon
The 1967 Arab-Israel war further strained the relationship between Christians and 
Muslims. This was due to the fact that the Lebanese political leadership refused to 
commit its troops to the June 1967 Arab-Israeli war. The non-commitment enraged many 
Lebanese Muslims[12]. After the defeat of the Arabs in the 1967 war, the Palestinians 
started to launch attacks against Israel from Lebanon. Israel retaliated by shelling 
Lebanese towns and villages.
Aziz Abu-Hamad showed that the Palestinian military action against Israel divided 
Christians and Muslims again:
Muslim leaders proclaimed support for the Palestinian cause, Christian leaders expressed 
their opposition to dragging Lebanon into the Middle East conflict[13].
Although Lebanese Muslims had only minority representation in the Lebanese Parliament, 
they outnumbered Christians in 1968. This was largely due to the higher rates of 
Christian emigration and higher Muslim birth rates. Aziz Abu-Hamad explained that in 
1968, Muslims demanded several government changes including an end to the accord 
that reserved key positions for Maronites, such as the Commander of the army and the 
Governor of the central Bank[14]. 
The Cairo agreement of 1969 gave Palestinians the right of autonomous administrative 
control over their refugee camps in Lebanon. Christians objected to the agreement 
arguing that it was a betrayal of Lebanese sovereignty[15]. The Christians' anger 
compelled Christian parties such as Phalanges( Kata'ib) and Camille Chamoun's National 
Liberal parties to establish military camps for their militias[16]. These newly trained 
Christian militias assisted the Lebanese army in their clashes with Palestinians in 1970. 
Although that crisis was temporarily resolved by reaffirming the Cairo Agreement, the 
Christian leadership, girded for the next round, determined to uphold Lebanese 
sovereignty and the Christian character of Lebanon[17].
The Jordanian army expelled Palestinian fighters in September 1970 from Jordan. The 
move was aimed to stop the Palestinians from attacking Israel who used to militarily 
retaliate by bombing Jordan[18]. Many newly arrived expelled Palestinian fighters 
entered Lebanon taking advantage of the 1969 Cairo agreement, which granted 
Palestinian relative autonomy in Lebanon. Aziz Abu-Hamad said that several Lebanese 
factions, mostly Muslim and leftist groups, used the PLO's autonomy and political and 
military power to press for greater participation in decision-making[19].
During the 1973 Arab-Israeli war, differences between Christians and Muslims deepened. 
The Christians were upset to see South Lebanon a battlefield between Israel and the 
Palestinians, while the Muslims took the opportunity in return to show dissatisfaction with 
their economic and political status in a Christian dominated political system[20].
Chapter 3: Christian Nationalism vs. Muslim Nationalism
This chapter explores nationalism in Lebanon. Nationalism can be considered as one 
cause of the rise and fall of Christianity in Lebanon.
Meir Zamir described the spread of Christian nationalism in Lebanon as one of the three 
nationalistic movements that emerged simultaneously in the Middle East. The other two 
being the Muslim and Jewish movements[1].
It is very hard for people with different nationalistic persuasions in the same country to 
stay unified. I will limit my study to the Christian and Arabic/Muslim nationalism, due to 
the fact that Lebanon housed only few a hundred Jews.
Theodor Hanf stated that the Lebanese nationalists, mainly Christians, tried to prove that 
Lebanon had existed since time immemorial and stressed its independence and 
uniqueness. He added that Arab nationalists, usually Muslims, tended to present the 
history of what is now known as Lebanon as a provincial chapter in the history of Arab-
Islamic empires[2]. He added that there had been disputes about when which part of the 
country was first called Lebanon, and whether one or other of the contemporary 
communities was already a nation in the past[3].
Marguerite Johnson identified Christian nationalism in terms of their distinctive cultural 
identity in the Middle East[4]. The cultural character of the Christian community was 
rooted in their religious separateness from the rest of the Near East and was nourished 
by centuries of long cultural ties with Western Europe. 
Christian nationalism helped increase their survival chances in Lebanon. However, it also 
contributed to their own downfall. Their nationalism clashed with Muslim and Arabic 
nationalism. The Muslims showed an equal resolve to claim Lebanon and tried to remove 
the Lebanese Christians from political power.
In Lebanon, until recently, most Christian children were taught that Lebanon is a 
Phoenician and a western oriented nation, while most Muslim children students are 
taught that Lebanon is an Arabic country and an integral part of its Islamic World. Many 
Christians believe that they are Lebanese and not Arabs.
Ghassan Hage reasoned that the Muslim Shari'a's differentiation of people on the basis of 
their religious identity led Christians to become acutely conscious of their status as a 
religious minority[5].
The biggest fear Christians have had is how to survive in such a Muslim dominated region. 
This has prompted them to deny Muslims the opportunity to turn Lebanon into an Arabic 
and Muslim nation. This was done by spreading their notion of nationalism, which they 
associated with Lebanese sovereignty away from Arabic and Islamic influences.
Christian nationalism made the Christians reluctant to share their power with Muslims 
until the commencement of the 1975 Lebanese civil war. They were worried about their 
future as a minority, surrounded by a majority Muslim population that was hungry to 
claim its fair share of power due to their superiority of numbers. Lebanese Christians 
were always keenly mindful of past atrocities inflicted on their brethren in the Middle East 
at the hands of the Muslims- namely the demise of Armenians in Turkey and the 
persecution of Coptic Christians in Sudan and Egypt. The majority of Christians associate 
themselves with Phoenician roots and not to the Arab Bedouin (Originally Arab). 
Antoine Najm did not agree that nationalism ran along strict religious lines. He saw that 
Arabists, be Christian or Muslim, aspired to either annex Lebanon to the "Greater Arab 
Nation" or to establish an Islamic or quasi-Islamic state. Lebanese nationalists rejected 
this political stand[6].
The clash of nationalism between Christians and Muslims in Lebanon may be illustrated 
by a recent incident surrounding the celebrated poet Khalil Gebran. Recently, the 
American Maronite Union wrote to the American Secretary of State, General Colin Powell, 
clarifying that the famous Lebanese poet Khalil Gebran is Lebanese and not an Arab[7]. 
Their protest was to the Middle East Descent Association in America, honouring Khalil 
Gebran as an Arabic American in the presence of Powell[8]. Tom Harb the chairman of 
the American Maronite union explained: 
While we certainly would not be opposed to any party that would honour Khalil Gibran, 
we express our concerns as the identification of this great Lebanese-American as an 
"Arab-American"[9].
David Gordon discussed the view of Muslims and Christians about each other. He outlined 
Muslim opinion about Christians as follows:
•
Firstly, Muslims rejected the maintenance of a Christian state. They objected to 
the way power was distributed so that it enabled Christians, particularly 
Maronites, to dominate a nation whose majority were Muslims. Moreover, Muslims 
believed that power should be based not upon sectarian distribution but upon the 
principle of one vote per person.
•
Secondly, Muslims claimed that the Christian establishment has repeatedly sought 
to split Lebanon, politically and culturally, from the Arab world. They argued that 
the Maronites supported the crusaders and that the Maronite Patriach Ignatius 
Mubarak had explicitly supported Israel.
•
Thirdly, Muslims argued that the Christian establishment had favoured and 
promoted private and foreign education, in order to erode the position of the 
Arabic language. Typically, Muslims believed that many textbooks had belittled 
Arab accomplishments and promoted the image of Lebanon as once a Phoenician 
and now a Christian state[10].
The Christians' view of Muslim nationalism was put succinctly also by David Gordon. He 
explained that Christians believed that Arab nationalism was inevitably "Muslim". He 
added that they further claimed that Muslims were hypocritical in calling for a secular 
state, while at the time never abandoning their "personal status"(according to which 
matters of inheritance and marriage are determined by Koranic prescription). Lastly, 
Christians believed that integration of Lebanon politically or economically into the Arab 
world with its authoritarian and socialist tendencies, would only jeopardise the freedom 
and prosperity that both Muslims and Christians enjoyed in Lebanon. Christians further 
saw that the realisation of Muslim demands would be killing the goose that laid the 
golden egg[11]. 
The Christians' belief was that Arab nationalism was inevitably Muslim. This is true, owing 
to the fact that the ordinary Arabic citizens and government stressed the Islamic nature 
of the Arab world.
This chapter explored how Lebanese Christians and Muslims espoused different 
nationalistic views. The spread of this divided nationalism was made easier by the 
existence of political and religious political parties, which I will discuss in the next 
chapter.
Chapter 4: Christian Political Parties and Organisations
This chapter explores Christian political parties, and their role in the rise and fall of 
Christians in Lebanon. These parties have used nationalism as a vehicle to promote their 
political platforms. These political parties were involved in the 1975 civil war. Moreover, 
despite the end of the civil war in 1990, the Lebanese Christian parties still try to 
influence politics in Lebanon. These parties' aim has been to be recognised as the ones 
who safeguarded the Christians' rights in Lebanon.
The Phalanges Party (Kataib)
It was clearly the single most important actor among Lebanese Christians in the events 
leading to the 1975 crisis. In the early 1950s, the Phalanges became a parliamentary 
party and a participant in the traditional game of Lebanese politics[1]. It recruited non-
Christian and non-Maronite members. Yet, the Phalanges remained essentially a Maronite 
party and according to Rabinovich, the Lebanese entity it envisaged was in reality 
Christian[2].
In the summer of 1975, when it appeared that the preservation of Christian control over 
the traditional political system in Greater Lebanon was no longer feasible, the party, or at 
least its radical wing, opted for the less desirable goal of a smaller Christian Lebanon 
based in East Beirut, the Northern part of Mount Lebanon, and the coastal area north of 
Beirut3. This sentiment was expressed through the publication of an interesting pamphlet 
by the Maronite Intellectual Centre in Kaslik, under the title Greater Lebanon a half 
century's tragedy. The pamphlet stated that the creation of Greater Lebanon in 1920 by 
the French mandate was not in favour of the Christians.
The Christians knew very clearly that their political dominance, which was safeguarded 
by the creation of Greater Lebanon in 1920 by the French mandate and the 1943 pact, 
was no longer possible. It was a sound strategy to opt for a smaller country in which they 
could control and preserve their culture. However, as events later showed, Muslims were 
not just interested in taking power in Lebanon but also to prevent Christians from ever 
forming a small or larger Christian Lebanese nation. As a result, the party was very 
interested in protecting Christian interest in a country, which started to slip away from 
them in favour of the Muslim majority.
The Phalanges party was divided between two schools of thoughts-the school of thought 
represented by Pierre Gemayel's elder son Amin and that of Karim Pakandouni. They 
believed that Lebanon's Christians could only survive by coming to terms with their 
environment. It sought accommodation with Syria, with Lebanese Muslims and with the 
larger Arab world. The second school of thought was represented by Amin's younger 
brother Bashir, who, in the summer of 1976, became the Commander of the party's 
armed forces. This school according to Itamar Rabinovich is sceptical of Arab and Muslim 
willingness to tolerate a Lebanese Christian entity in their midst, and believed in the need 
to develop that entity's resources, the establishment of an alliance with Israel, the 
mobilisation of the Lebanese Christian Diaspora, and the obtainment of American 
support[4].
The second school of thought prevailed over the first one. When Bashir sidelined his older 
brother, many believed that Bashir ignited strong nationalistic support among Christians. 
He later became the President of the country for twenty-one days, until his assassination. 
His brother succeeded him but was much weaker than he. 
The Lebanese Forces
The Phalangist army called itself the Lebanese Forces (LF). It mustered up to 20,000 
troops, of which a core of 3,000 was a full-time soldier. Under the leadership of William 
Hawi, and later of Bashir Gemayel, it evolved into a formidable and highly organised 
fighting force. The Phalangist party practised conscription in the area it controlled, 
drafting eligible young men to swell its ranks. In internal fighting throughout the Civil 
War and up to 1982, the Lebanese Forces consolidated its leadership of the Lebanese 
Christian Front by assimilating other Christian militia, often by force[5].
The National Liberal party
The Phalanges principal ally in the Lebanese front, Camille Chamoun's national Liberal 
party, was a markedly dissimilar political formation6. A small party organised around the 
person and personality of its leaders, it lacked the coherent doctrine, elaborate structure, 
and large membership of its senior partner, the Phalanges. 
Camille Chamoun presided over Lebanon from 1952 until 1958. He was a bitter opponent 
and critic of Pan-Arab nationalism, and the only Arab ruler who accepted the US 
president Dwight Eisenhower's doctrine, which was aimed to help the Middle East nations 
fend off armed aggression from any communist nation. It even offered to protect the 
political independence of such nations[7]. The party is currently heading the opposition 
against Syria's presence in Lebanon.
Al Marade Party 
This 3,500-strong unit, also called the Marada (Giants) Brigade, was named after a 
Byzantine border guard in ancient Lebanon. They represented the interests of Sulayman 
Franjiyah, President of Lebanon at the outbreak of the Civil War. It was also called the 
Zhagartan Liberation Army after Zgharta, Franjiyah's hometown. It operated out of Tripoli 
and other areas of northern Lebanon, but it also fought in Beirut. The military alliance 
between the Phalanges and the Marada, which was evident at the start of the 1975 civil 
war, ended on June 13, 1978, with a surprise Lebanese Forces (LF) attack on Ihdin, the 
Marada headquarters, during which the Marada commander, Tony Franjiyah was killed[8].
The Order of Maronite Monks
The Maronite church has played a big role in Lebanese politics. It has sought to 
safeguard the right of Christians. During the 1975 Lebanese Civil War, Patriarch Bulus 
Khureysh, the head of the Maronite Church, did not have any political impact9. On the 
other hand, the head of the order of Maronite monks Father Charbel Qassis took the 
activist and militant line within the Maronite church. The Maronite Monastic order, the 
owners of a sizable portion of Lebanon's agricultural land, provided financial and political 
support to the Maronite militias[10]. 
The Order of Maronite Monks militia consisted of 200 priests[11]. Father Bulus Na'aman, 
another powerful militant cleric, later replaced Quassis[12]. Rabinovich explained that 
Maronite monasteries were storing weapons, ammunition, and food for Christian 
militias[13]. Priests saw the need to protect Christians against Palestinians and Muslims 
who were threatening the status quo of Christians.
Maronite League
The Maronite League was a militant militia headed by Shaker Abu Suleiman, an ardent 
supporter of Qassis. Like the Guardians of the Cedar (see below), it was a purely 
Maronite militia without the inhibitions of the politically sophisticated Phalanges and 
National Liberals. It, therefore, chose to fight alongside these groups rather than to 
merge with them[14].
The Guardians of the Cedars
The Guardians of the Cedars consisted of about 500 men[15]. Although they advocated a 
non-confrontational confessional ideology, the Guardians have in practice been among 
the fiercest fighters for the Christian cause. 
The political and military leader of the Guardians of the Cedar, Etienne Saqr (nicknamed 
Abu Arz), worked for the Faranjiyya administration in the early 1970s. But ideologically, 
Sa'id Aql who sought to draw a clear distinction between Lebanonism and Arabism 
inspired the Guardians. Aql's conception of Lebanon, originating in and inspired by a 
remote Phoenician past, and contributing to the development of civilisation, minimises 
the role of Islam and Arabism[16].
The Guardians of the Cedars were frank about their relationship with Israel, unlike the 
Phalanges and the National Liberals, who sought to conceal their relations with Israel. 
The Guardians argued publicly in 1976 that the Christians should turn to Israel to ask it 
to save what was left of Lebanon. Like the Maronite League, they maintained their 
separate organisation that fought alongside the larger militias[17].
At Tanzim
Arabic for "the organisation". At Tanzim was originally a small secret society of Christian 
officers within the Lebanese army who supported the Phalanges. At Tanzim accepted 
members from outside the army, mostly from the upper and professional classes. It 
fielded its own militia of about 200[18].
The Lebanese Front
In December 1975, when major changes in the Lebanese political system were being 
discussed seriously and a Muslim summit was convened to formulate a joint position, a 
comparable Maronite summit was called for. The major Maronite leaders Pierre Gemayel, 
Camille Chamoun, Charbel Quassis, and Shaker Chaker Abu Sleiman met in the 
presidential palace[19]. 
In the spring of 1976, the Maronite summit was renamed the Kafur summit. Camille 
Chamoun was chosen President of the newly formed Lebanese Front. Its leadership 
included Pierre and Bashir Gemayel, Bulus Na'aman, Edward Hunayian (who had 
previously worked with Raymond Edde), and two noted Christian intellectuals, Charles 
Malek and Fouad Ephrem Al Boustani. A joint military command was formed for the 
various militias, whose new collective name was the Lebanese forces. 
The Lebanese forces were made up of four militias, the Phalanges, Chamoun's Numur, 
the Guardians of the Cedars, and the At Tanzim. Two members represented each. Despite 
the nominal parity, it was clear that the Lebanese Forces were dominated and controlled 
by Bashir Gemayel.
Nevertheless, the formation of an apparently non-partisan, all Maronite forums proved 
very useful for the further development of the status quo coalition of Christian leaders 
mentioned above[20]. Halim Barakat said that the Christian rightists of the Lebanese 
Front have continued to resist the elimination of political sectarianism[21].
The Army’s Christian Leadership
The Christian leadership within the army can be considered an important component of 
the status quo coalition, which consists of Christian groups, which refused to relent their 
power to Muslims. The Lebanese army's refusal to take sides during the crises of 1952 
and 1958 was a rare phenomenon in post-world war II Middle East, where political 
history has been largely shaped by military intervention and domination. The higher 
echelon of the professional officer corps was predominantly Christian, and the army was 
seen as one that was predominantly Christian. The army was seen as one of the ultimate 
guarantors of both the Lebanese political system and the Christian character. In the 1950 
and 1960s, Muslim politicians repeatedly demanded a national service law that would 
transform the army into a predominantly Muslim force[22]. The bulk of the army was 
positioned in Beirut and the centre of the country. 
Accommodationist Christian leaders
The Christian community had also moderate Christian politicians and public figures such 
as the former president Elias Sarkis and Raymond Edde (the son of President Emille 
Edde). They sought accommodation policies with the opponents of the (namely the 
Muslims). However they did not possess the coherence of an actual political school or 
bloc. Moreover, these leaders were willing to concede a large share of power in the 
political system to the Muslim community. They strongly opposed the notion of partition. 
Chapter 5: The Christian role in the Lebanese Civil War of 1975-1990
The Lebanese Civil war and its outcome changed the status of Christians in Lebanon and 
helped their political decline. The Civil War started in 1975 and many historians still do 
not agree on its immediate causes. However, Brenda Seaver cited two events, which 
marked the beginning of the Lebanese Civil War. 
The first event occurred in February 1975, where Lebanese fishermen's unions in Sidon, 
Tyre, and Tripoli jointly protested the establishment of the Protein Company, a modern 
high-technology monopolistic fishing company owned in large part by former president 
Camille Chamoun, a Maronite Christian[1]. 
Brenda Seaver added that the army began firing upon protesters mortally wounding 
Ma'ruf Saad, the Sunni Muslim leader of the popular Nasserite Organisation of Sidon[2]. 
Following Sidon's events, street demonstrations erupted virtually in all of Lebanon's 
major cities and intense fighting occurred between Christian troops and gunmen aided by 
Palestinian commandos. 
While the second event, according to Seaver, took place on 13 April 1975, when unknown 
assailants attempted to assassinate Pierre Gemayel, the leader of the Phalanges, while 
he was attending the consecration of a new church in the Christian Beirut suburb of Ain 
Rumana. Gemayel survived, but three of his bodyguards died[3]. Seaver added that a 
group of Maronite militiamen at Ayn Al-Rumana retaliated by ambushing a bus containing 
mostly Palestinians on their way to the Tel-Al Za'atar refugee camp, killing twenty-seven 
passengers[4]. The incident incited heavy fighting throughout the country between the 
Phalangists on the one hand and Palestinian militiamen and leftist Muslims on the other 
hand, resulting in over 300 deaths in three days. The first incident highlighted the 
Muslims' uneasiness about the privileges that the Christian elite were enjoying. The 
protest was not just a protest against the opening of the company, but because it was 
owned by one of the Christian power brokers. Moreover, it followed a constant outcry of 
Muslim leaders against the privileges and wealth of the Christians. 
After the Cairo Agreement in 1969, which sanctioned the arming of Palestinians in 
Lebanon, the Christians perceived the continuing presence of the Palestinians in Lebanon 
as a serious threat. 
These above incidents are not the only factors, which led to the eruption of the Civil War. 
The nature of nationalism in Lebanon has played a crucial role in making the Civil war 
inevitable.
Twefik Khalaf noted that the Christians had a hidden agenda when fighting broke out 
between the Phalanges and the Palestinians. The Phalanges wanted to hold on for a few 
days and then engage the Lebanese Army in a Jordanian style campaign against the 
Palestinians[5].
The Christians may be indirectly blamed for the eruption of the civil war, due to the fact 
that the demands of Muslims for more equality fell on deaf ears. As a result of a fifteen-
year Muslim boycott of the Lebanese state during the French mandate, there was always 
considerable disequilibrium in the civil service, which was made up largely by Christians. 
The disequilibrium continued well into the independent republic: young civil servants 
appointed in the 1930s reached retiring age only in the 1960s[6]. This ably explained the 
reason behind the Christian control of the civil service.
In the fifties, Maronites and Greek Catholics Melkites and Sunni Muslims were over 
represented at the expense of the Shi'ites. As Muslim communities lagged in university 
education, Muslim deputies, parties and institutions were among the zealous champions 
of the principle of proportionality or quota citing Article 95 of the constitution which 
stipulated an adequate distribution of civil service posts among the communities[7]. 
Christians, with their educational advantages, rejected the Muslim demand, citing that 
Article 12 of the constitution, stipulated that all citizens should have equal access to the 
civil service and that the only criteria of selection was merit and ability[8]. 
The above example effectively explains that the different interpretation of the 
constitution by Christians and Muslims had made them in conflict with each other.
Brenda Seaver criticised the Christian militias, as they often seemed to act in defiance of 
the Lebanese Front's leadership[9]. Ghassan Hage cited Christian notorious atrocities on 
6 December 1975. The day was to be known later as "black Saturday", where more than 
two hundred Muslims were brutally massacred by Christians. This event was usually 
explained as an act of revenge for the killing of Christians in Muslim areas[10]. 
Simon Haddad recorded that Palestinian refugees were slaughtered in Tal Al Za'atar in 
1976 and in Sabra and Shatila camps in 1982[11]. Rex Brynen estimated that Christians 
killed about one thousand Palestinians and Lebanese Muslims and evicted twenty 
thousand from the Palestinian protected areas of the Al-Karantina and Al-Maslakh slum 
districts[12]. 
The years between 1975-1990 were the darkest time for Christians. This was due to the 
atrocities committed by the Christian militia and by the atrocities committed on 
Christians by Muslims and Palestinians. Charles Sennott recalled the war memory of one 
Christian villager Michael Abu Abdella from Damour. Abu Abdella remembered the attacks 
that devastated his village Christian community and had caused thousands to flee[13].
During the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, a Phalange faction led by Elie Hobaiqa 
attacked the Palestinian refugee camps of Sabra and Shatila and massacred about one 
thousand unarmed refugees, including women, children, and old men[14]. Israel was 
blamed widely for not intervening to stop it once it had began[15].
However, the Lebanese forces denied its involvement and the victims' relatives have 
recently launched criminal proceeding at a the Belgium supreme court against the 
current Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who was the Defence Minister during the 1982 
invasion.
Chapter 6: Causes of the Decline of the Christian status in Lebanon
The decline of the Christian role in Lebanon was caused by four factors. Firstly, the 
typical strife with the Muslim foes, secondly by internal Christian division and fighting, 
thirdly by foreign intervention and fourthly by voluntary and forced emigration of many 
Christians.
The political and social Christian decline can be traced to their struggle with the Muslim 
majority. Christians were exhausted by their war with the Muslims. Fawaz Gerges noted 
that Latif Abul-Husn believed that the 1975 war revolved around three main issues: 
Reform of the political system, the national identity of Lebanon and Lebanon's 
sovereignty[1]. 
According to Abul-Husn, the Christians could have been in conflict with the Muslims over 
the three above issues. The Muslims wanted to reform the political system, which 
favoured Christians. They wanted to translate their numerical superiority into political 
power. They wanted a system, which they could control. Moreover, they saw Christians as 
an obstacle to the formation of an Islamic state similar to the rest of the Middle Eastern 
states. The Muslims chose war instead of dialogue, due to the fact that the Christians 
continued to ignore their grievances. The war was more destructive to the Christians than 
to the Muslims. 
In 1983, a civil war erupted in the mountains between the Phalanges and the Druze on a 
large scale. The Druze defeated the Christians. They drew no distinction between their 
Christian supporters and opponents. Around sixty villages were devastated, thousands of 
civilians were murdered, and tens of thousands were driven out or had fled. The spiritual 
leader of the Druze, Sheikh Abu Shakra, summed up the brutality of this phase of the 
civil war stating that the Christians would never again live in the Druze Mountain[2]. For 
the Christians, the episode was a disaster of a similar magnitude as in the Chouf, where 
about fifty Christian villages were razed to the ground in 1983[3]. 
Theodore Hanf noted that there had been radical changes in the southern section of 
Mount Lebanon, the upper Metn, the Aley region and the Chouf. In 1975, the Christians 
comprised a good half of the population, a decade later about 1 per cent. The Christians 
were expelled from the coastal strip in the first two years of the war[4]. They were 
eradicated from certain areas and replaced by Muslims. There were several wars between 
Christians and Muslims but the 1983 Mountain war stands as the most significant war, 
which caused the death of thousands of Christians and expelled them from the Mountain 
area. 
At the end of the civil war in 1990, as Christian-Muslim relations improved, many 
Christians started to return to their villages. The government even started to financially 
aid them to renovate or build new houses. 
The struggle with the Muslims caused the Christians to slowly surrender their traditional 
hold of power and opted to emigrate seeking a better future.
The decline of the Christian power in Lebanon can be also traced to internal divisions and 
infighting among the Christians themselves. The Phalanges saw that the Maronite 
political pluralism ought perhaps to be tolerated, but the community's military power had 
to be under one authority, and that authority had to be theirs[5]. For this reason the 
Phalanges sought to break the independent power of their two principal partners, the 
Franjiyya and the Liberal National Party. The relations with Franjiyya worsened after they 
disagreed over relations with Syria. 
The Phalanges sought to expand their party organisation into Northern Lebanon and to 
undermine the Franjiyya family's economic base by disputing Franjiyya's right to raise 
levies in the heavily industrialised region around Chekka, South of Tripoli[6]. Franjiyya 
responded to the challenge by killing the chief Phalanges organiser, Jud Bayeh. The 
Phalanges retaliated by shelling Tony Franjiyya's home in the village of Ehden, killing him 
and his immediate family in June 1978[7]. Itamar Rabinovich questioned whether or not 
his assassination had been planned; it is obvious that excessive brutality divided the 
Christian camp[8]. Franjiyya accused Lebanese Forces of collaboration with Israel and 
opted to side with Syria[9].
In 1980, Bashir Gemayel's militia destroyed the military infrastructure of the Tigers, the 
National Liberal Party's militia, in the Beirut area. The Phalanges sought to expand their 
mandate and their demographic and territorial bases by becoming the representative 
authority for all Lebanese Christians not just the Maronites[10].
On 31 January 1990, after the Lebanese forces announced its reluctant endorsement of 
the Ta'if Accord, Michel Aoun had to consolidate his position with his Christian 
constituency. He attempted to wrest control of the small Christian area between Beirut 
and Jebail, but in the process inaugurated a Christian civil war in January 1990[11]. Kail 
Ellis commented that the conflict lasted until July of that year and ended without a clear-
cut victory for Aoun[12]. Before the fighting stopped in mid-March, nearly 750 civilians 
had been killed and 3,000 wounded, but the Lebanese Forces continued to support the 
new accord[13]. Ellis noted that the war had negative political consequences for the 
Christian community and that it was estimated that the war had caused $1.2 billion in 
property damage[14].
Another reason for the decline of Christian influence in Lebanon is that not all Christians 
shared the dream of a Christian state. For example, Christian members of both Lebanese 
communists and the national progressive parties aimed for a non-secular political system 
and called for the abolition of the religious based political system. Theodore Hanf noted 
that the civil war between the Christian communities had weakened them more than all 
the previous attacks of Lebanese and foreign foes[15].
Christian relations with foreign powers have also contributed to their decline. In the 
words of Lebanon's premier columnist, Ghassan Tueni, it was the others' war. Lebanon 
was used as a battlefield for the ongoing clashes in the Middle East and the superpower 
rivalries resulting from the cold war[16].
Eyal Zisser commented that stronger relations between Israel and the Lebanese Maronite 
community inevitably led to the civil war in Lebanon in 1975[17]. Eyal added that such 
relations were founded on the common belief that Jews and Maronites must forge a 
strong alliance to ward off hostile Muslim-Arab attacks[18]. 
Brenda Seaver outlined that without Palestinians; the Lebanese system might have 
persisted:
At the very least, if the Palestinian problem had never existed, there would have been more 
time for strong elites to emerge who could have dealt with the difficulties of modernisation 
by carrying on the Shihab tradition of social reforms and instituting moderate political 
reforms[19]
Brenda Seaver gave an accurate analysis of the Palestinians contribution to the collapse 
of the Lebanese political system. The Palestinians might have tried to turn Lebanon into 
an alternative permanent state, as compensation for their homeland. The Palestinians' 
interference worsened the already tense relations between Christians and Muslims. 
Despite the several episodic civil wars between Muslims and Christians, the whole 
population had co-operated together for many centuries.
Syria has also played a big role in the decline of the Christian's role in Lebanon, despite 
its initial intervention militarily in their favour in 1976. When in 1976, the Lebanese 
National Movement LMN that was fighting Christian forces was about to gain victory over 
the Christian; the Syrians intervened, explicitly stating that their reason for doing so was 
to help the Christians[20].
Ghassan Hage explored the reasons behind Syria's help for the Christians in 1976:
Undoubtedly, however, it aimed to avoid the creation of a mini Christian state that the 
Christians would have proclaimed in all likelihood in the areas that remained under their 
control[21].
It is important to note that Syria helped the Christians to secure a foothold in Lebanon. 
However, the Christian leaders, who governed Lebanon at the start of the civil war, failed 
to predict the implication of Syria's initial friendly intervention in Lebanon. Rex Brynen 
noted that the massive Syrian military intervention in Lebanon served to Arabise the 
Lebanese civil war, substantially shifting the conflict from its initial Lebanese social and 
political bases to the broader regional arena[22].
The honeymoon between the Christians and the Syrians was short lived. Ghassan Hage 
said that following Egyptian president Anwar Sadat's trip to Jerusalem, an Israeli 
conceived peace plan (what became known as the Begin plan') emerged allowing for a 
role of the Christian Right, namely the Phalanges. They did not hesitate to grab the 
opportunity and quickly turned against Syria[23]. 
On February 7, 1978 a limited armed confrontation between the Syrians and some 
Christian elements of the Lebanese army took place. Soon after, this confrontation 
developed into a full-scale war[24]. The Begin plan allowed Israel to invade and stay in 
South Lebanon until a permanent solution prevented the Palestinian guerrilla from 
returning[25]. Here, the Christians represented by the Lebanese Front, took its most 
extremist stand on the Palestinian presence in Lebanon and called for the elimination of 
the Palestinians armed presence[26]. Syria was furious at the Christians' apparent siding 
with Israel and so began bombardment of the Christian quarters of Beirut[27].
Ghassan Hage presented the reasons for the Syrian aggression against the Christians:
It was a reflection of the frustration of Syrian President Assad to see the Christian rightists, 
whom he had basically saved, and whom he had attempted to handle with the utmost care, 
move away from him with ease[28].
There was some notion in 1978 that Syria and the Muslims wanted to eradicate the 
uniqueness of Lebanon and the Christian presence in it. This led Camille Chamoun to call 
on the ”civilised world” to stop the Syrian bombardment of the Christian area[29].
Christian civilians paid a high price for the political mistakes of their own leaders. Those 
leaders did not foresee that Syria would demand full support for its policies, which shifted 
again to support the Palestinian presence in the South, something that is against the 
Christian's principle of a free Lebanon. The civilians were bombed every time their 
leaders disagreed with Syria or the Muslim militias, namely the Lebanese national 
movement.
The conflict was between Christians and Muslims, more precisely between Christians in 
Libanon against Muslim Syria and and thousands of Iranian revolutionary 
guards[Hezbollah]:
- the struggle for Lebanon was conducted between Maronite leaders in East Beirut and 
Hafiz al-Asad in Damascus[30].
Following the end of the civil war in 1990, the political power of the Christians declined 
even further. Alan George described how the Maronites were marginalised:
- Their selective representation in the political hierarchy and the exile or imprisonment of 
leading political figures[31].
The Christians' position declined even further, when a major ally of the past, the United 
States, refrained from urging Syria to withdraw. In 1958, the United States rushed to 
help president Camille Chamoun to quell a rebellion, which was staged, by Muslims and 
followers of former Egyptian president Abdel Nasser. Later, however, The United States 
abandoned its role in Lebanon, owing to the fact that in 1983 the American embassy in 
Ain al-Mreisse was demolished by a suicide bomb attack that killed more than 60 
people[32]. Six months later, suicide bombers made simultaneous attacks on the 
multinational force that arrived a year earlier at the request of President Amin Gemayel. 
The results of the attacks were devastating when 58 French paratroopers and 241 
Americans marines were killed. Finally the Americans pulled out of Lebanon.
The Christians in Lebanon felt uneasy about the United States failure to demand Syria's 
withdrawal from Lebanon. Jose Navalpotro wrote that the United States believed that the 
timetable for the Syrian withdrawal was a matter that should be resolved between 
Damascus and Beirut[33]. He added that Washington does not regard this question as an 
important issue in the overall stability of the Middle East, or a pivotal matter to be 
resolved in the Arab-Israeli peace process[34]. 
Christian Emigration from Lebanon, in large numbers, also contributed to the decline of 
the Christian influence in Lebanon. Both Muslims and Christians fled Lebanon, but far 
more Christians left. From a pre-war Lebanese population of roughly 4 million, 500,000 
of the 700,000 who emigrated were Christian. Just how many Christians remain in 
Lebanon is in dispute. There are no official population figures for Lebanon. Some 
estimate that about 1 million residents or 25 percent of the country are Christians. This 
figure is less than half of the nearly 60 per cent majority of the early 1970s.
William Harris saw that Christian numbers declined in Lebanon as the years 
went by[35]. 
1911 79% Christian
1921 55% 
1932 51% 
1943 52% 
1970 42% 
1990 35%
(2008 25%)
It is hard to see the Christians current decline in status to be reversed in the view of 
Harris's statistics. It is very plausible that the number of Christians will become negligible 
in 50 years and thus their presence in the Middle East will be in jeopardy. Christians need 
to have the numbers in order to have a legitimate claim to sharing power with the 
Muslims. Charles M.Sennott quoted a Christian lawyer Nehmatalla Abi Nasr talking about 
the effect of Christian migration:
"The Christians leave for opportunity in the West or to get away from the war,'he 
says,'Then they lose more and more influence here, and then they are increasingly afraid to 
return. This process feeds on itself."[36].
The migration of many Christians from Lebanon has indeed contributed to their political 
decline in a nation, where they used to be the majority. The voluntary migration adds to 
the fact that thousands and thousands of Christians died in a war or faced expulsion from 
their own houses and lands. The Maronite patriarch, Cardinal Nsrallah Boutrous Sfeir, 
complains stridently that an upsurge in non-Christian immigration to Lebanon, coupled 
with the government's recent decision to grant citizenship to a large number of Muslims, 
is weakening the Christian voice in Lebanon,[37] 
Chapter 7 - The End of the Lebanese Civil War and the Ta'if Agreement the ”last 
straw”.
The Lebanese Civil war ended in 1990 following the defeat of the Lebanese Army leader 
Aoun by Syria's intervened military. William Harris saw the collapse of the autonomous 
Christian enclave of East Beirut as a blow to Christian power in Lebanon[1].
The Christians had not just faced a traumatic end to their autonomy on 13 April, but they 
had to face the consequences of the implementation of the Ta'if agreement, which 
reduced their power in favour of the Muslims. 
On the 30th of September 1989, the Arab League plan, hereafter referred to as the Ta'if 
Accord, was signed in the resort city of Ta'if. The 62 Lebanese members of Parliament, 85 
percent of the surviving 73 members who met in Saudi Arabia, included 31 Christian and 
31 Muslim deputies[2]. Many Christians considered that this agreement as the single 
event that sealed their downfall. The agreement united the nation but failed to give the 
Christians the necessary guarantee for their survival. 
Following the Ta'if agreement, more ambitious Islamic leaders found an opportunity to 
consolidate their political gains, and gradually eliminated the Christian presence from the 
national government[3]. Catholic leaders were against the new agreement. Jose 
Navalpotro wrote:
Cardinal Sfeir put the question in sharp relief. Without a strong Christian presence in 
government, he asked, what would be the incentive to maintain an independent Lebanon? 
And without a clear agreement with their Muslim neighbours, how could a Christian 
minority in one small country expect to survive in an"Islamic ocean?".
The Ta'if agreement emphasised three factors: Firstly, that the new preamble to the 
constitution unequivocally stressed Lebanon's Arab identity and affiliation. Secondly, that 
the new preamble should state that Lebanon's system should be based on social justice 
and equality between all citizens in rights and duties without any differentiation and 
preference. Thirdly it called for the abolition of political sectarianism.
Sami Ofeish asserted that Ta'if addressed the causes of the Lebanese Civil War[5]. Article 
24 of the Ta'if accord presents the guidelines for the sectarian distribution of seats in 
parliament. This article affirms that, until parliament enacts non-sectarian electoral laws, 
parliamentary seats should be distributed equally between Christians and Muslims[6]. 
Sami Ofeish commented that the principles of sectarian "proportional representation" 
were not implemented accurately in the past and they did not accommodate the 
demographic changes showing Muslims as the numerical majority beginning in the 
1960s[7].
The Ta'if ‘s agreement improved the position of the prime minister at the expense of the 
President's traditional functions. According to article 64, the Prime Minister is now the 
one who heads the government and acts as its representative. The Parliamentary 
Speaker (A Shiite)'s term is extended to four years instead of one as in the past 
according to article 44. 
The Maronite-exclusive Presidency was rendered to be more symbolic. Sami Ofeish wrote 
that despite the fact that the President is still the head of the state (Article 49), his 
executive power lies mainly with the council of ministers (Article 17), and the president 
shares the decision-making with the Prime Minister and the council[8].
As we can clearly see, three Presidents rule Lebanon equally, the President of the 
Republic, the President of Council of Ministers and the President of the Chamber of 
Deputies. It is important to see that Ta'if reduced the Christian political power in Lebanon 
in favour of the Muslims.
Christine Asmar saw that the Ta'if agreement did not provide any solutions to the 
Lebanese political power:
Ta'if was also to have signalled a thaw in inter-confessional hostilities, but instead it may 
have simply frozen animosities while facilitating the restoration of a central government, 
leaving unresolved the vital issue of inter-confessional relations, especially at the level of 
the "street[9].
One of the consequences of the Ta'if agreement was the signing of a treaty of 
brotherhood, cooperation and coordination between Syria and Lebanon[10]. A majority of 
Christians voiced their concern about the treaty. William Harris commented on the 
Christian opposition to Ta'if:
Most Christians rejected the Ta'if regime, as they felt alienated both from Christian 
participants in the government and from other Christian parties, principally the Kata'ib and 
the LF, which had accepted the new order but dissented on details[11]. 
Christians boycotted the first post Ta'if’s agreement election in 1992. Judith Harik noted 
that the Lebanese Maronite community feared that a new parliament would enact laws to 
end its privileged position in Lebanese society and politics[12]. The Maronites wanted the 
Syrians out of Lebanon, and believed that elections held before the Syrians departure might 
be unduly influenced by Syria at their expense[13]. Judith Harik stated that the Christians 
boycotted the 1992 election, because they felt that the new parliament would not represent 
their interests[14]. 
The Christians' fears were to become a reality when a pro Syrian President was elected in 
1993. The new parliaments after 1990 did not contain strong nationalist Christians as 
before. In the last election of 2000, only a few Christian nationalists were elected, in 
contrast to 1972 where most Christian members of parliament were Christian 
nationalists. 
The decline of the Christian political influence coincided with the economic rise of the 
Muslims. Jose Navalpotro wrote:
Under Hariri's regime, the financial aid which is flowing into the country from other Arabic 
nations is being directed toward institutions controlled by Muslims[15].
The Christians long time financial superiority over Muslims has finally come to an end. 
Other Arabic countries are financially aiding Muslim institutions. Muslim wealth has 
doubled since the end of the civil war in 1990. It is no secret that the current Prime 
Minister Rafic Hariri's private company Solidaire owns the central business district of 
Beirut. Moreover, it tenders all government major construction work. Muslim new wealth 
is channelling new financial and political power for the Muslims. Moreover, the poor Shi'ite 
area of the South is attracting more government and overseas developments.
Among the Christian leaders who remain active in Lebanon, there is a fervent desire for 
new negotiations. That desire is based on the recognition that they are rapidly losing 
their political influence. The principal institutions that could offer them access to power 
are now closed to Christians, or at least offer only the hope of a minor role.
Jose Navalpotro noted that there is an absence of strong Christian leadership. He 
observed that the former Lebanese army commander Michel Aoun is in exile in France, 
the former president Amin Gemayel was residing in the United States for several years 
after the end of his presidency in 1988, and Dory Chamoun, who succeeded his 
assassinated brother Danny, has been unable to mount the sort of sustained and 
strategic action that would give a sense of new hope to his followers[16]. The Gemayel 
family finally returned in 2000 and Amin Gemayel's son Pierre was elected to the 
parliament in late 2000. 
The absence of strong Christian leaders impedes the Christian community of exercising a 
powerful influence as in the past. The decline of Christian influence will even increase if 
there continues to be an absence of a strong Christian leader who mobilises his 
community and enables it to survive. Another important Christian leader, Samir Geagea, 
the leader of the Lebanese forces militia, is currently in prison. Navalpotro wrote that in 
March 1994 the government outlawed his Lebanese forces party, and arrested him. He 
was accused of engineering the bombing of a Catholic church in Beirut and the 
assassination of Danny Chamoun. 
The Catholic bishops pointed out in their public denunciation of Geagea's imprisonment 
that the government had produced no evidence to sustain the charges[17]. Since the 
formal conclusion of the Lebanese civil war on October 13, 1990, many episodes have 
borne testimony to the steadily diminishing influence of the Christians in Lebanon.
1990 October - Danny Chamoun, the key leader among Maronite Christians, is 
assassinated, along with his family.
1991 May - Patriarch Sfeir denounces the Syria-Lebanon pact, saying that it 
compromises the nation's sovereignty and undermines the "national pact" of 1943.
August-General Michel Aoun, the latest Christian leader to emerge as a national power 
broker, is sent into exile in France, and prohibited from returning to Lebanon for five 
years.
1992 September - Catholics organise a boycott of legislative elections; between 70 and 
85 percent of all Catholics refuse to participate. One Christian deputy was elected by just 
winning forty votes[18].
1993 May - Anti-Catholic rioting breaks out in the region of Chouf. The bishops of 
Lebanon speak out against the purchase of lands in Christian neighbourhoods, which they 
point out is changing the demographic face of the nation.
June - Three terrorists die in the premature explosion of a bomb they were preparing at 
the site of a meeting of Orthodox and Catholic bishops
October - Christian political leaders are the targets in a series of arrests; several are 
taken to Damascus and held there.
December - A Christian cemetery is desecrated in Mansourieh, an apparent warning to 
Christians that they should not celebrate Christmas.
1994 February - A bomb placed in a Catholic Church explodes during Mass, killing eight 
worshippers; the terrorist act following several days after the massacre of Muslims by an 
Israeli extremist in Hebron.
June - Prime minister Hariri ordered the shut down of ICN television and the Nida'al 
Watan daily newspaper after they expressed concerns by Christians over the prime 
minister's land purchases in traditionally Christian areas[19]. 
July - The Maronite bishops issued a new warning about the loss of equilibrium between 
Christians and Muslims in the nation's government.
2000 January - A group of Islamic militants stormed a Christian village killing one 
resident, while engaging in fighting with the Lebanese Army. 
September - The Maronite Bishops' council called for the withdrawal of Syria from 
Lebanon, thus voicing a Christian protest to such presence.
December - Syria freed about 50 mostly Lebanese Christians political prisoners. 
However, human rights groups have put the number of Lebanese political prisoners in 
Syrian jails at anywhere between several hundred and several thousand[20]. 
2001 August - The arrest of 200 Christian youths following their demands at a rally for 
a Syrian withdrawal. The former advisor to Samir Geagea, Twefic Hindi, was arrested as 
well as Aoun's representative Nadim Lteif. They were accused of collaboration with Israel 
and treason. 
September - The Maronite Bishops'Council renewed its call for the withdrawal and asked 
Christians not to leave the country.
October - Two churches in Sidon and Tripoli were attacked, reinforcing the fact that 
Christians are still finding it very hard to be optimistic about their safety in their 
homeland.
2002 January - The former commander of the Phalangist army (Lebanese Forces) and a 
former minister Elie Hobaiqua was assassinated in Beirut along with his three 
bodyguards.
Chapter 8 - Implication of the Christian's decline in Lebanon
The lessons of war had taught Christians that the Muslim power brokers in the area .e.g 
Syria would not accept an establishment of a small Christian country. Christians now 
hope that the Muslims will not take the opportunity and attack them in a final assault to 
take total control of Lebanon. 
The survival of the Christians will depend on their internal unity and on the will of 
Muslims to allow the existence of a Christian minority in Lebanon. As Christian numbers 
are falling in Lebanon, Muslims will always control the destiny of Lebanon and its 
inhabitants, especially the Christians. One option left for the Christians is to resist giving 
their remaining power to Muslims and to increase the birth rate and remain in Lebanon. 
Marguerite Johnson was optimistic of Christian survival:
The Christians may lose their predominant position, but whether in Beirut or among the 
cedars of Mount Lebanon, they will undoubtedly retain the stubborn will to survive that has 
made them both an asset and a menace to their Muslim neighbours for twelve centuries[1].
There is evidence that Christians, still have the resolve to remain influential in Lebanon. 
Charles Sennott said that the Maronite Patriarchate filed a suit against the Hariri 
government's 1995 program that naturalised some 300,000 Muslims from Syria, Iraq and 
other countries[2]. The Patriarchate thought that the move would further marginalise 
Christians in Lebanon[3]. 
Charles Sennott considered that the death of George Saade, leader of Lebanon's 
Phalanges party, the largest Maronite political entity, symbolised the end of the dominant 
role Christians have played in government[4]. This is an accurate description of the 
current Christian status in Lebanon. A majority of Christians are not optimistic of their 
survival in Lebanon-they simply wonder about what sort of future they will have in 
Lebanon.
Epilogue
These are anxious days for Lebanon's Christian community, now less powerful and 
privileged than at any time since the country was created. The Christian's privileged 
status in Lebanon was challenged due to the demographic shift that increasingly favoured 
the Muslims over them. Moreover, their status was challenged by the rise of a radicalised 
Muslim intellectual class who were supportive of a socio-political change and pan-
Arabism[1].
Abbott Paul Naaman said that the Maronites today must follow in the footsteps of all 
those who came before and worked for centuries to accomplish this mission[2]. The 
remaining Christians in Lebanon ought to remember that they must preserve Lebanon for 
their children. They just ought not to give more concessions to Muslims without written 
guarantees. Christians need to be represented by powerful Christian leaders.
Christians are now worried that Muslims, with their numerical advantage, will persist in 
demanding more power. However, Antoine Najm noted that a Christian scholar Reverend 
Jean Ducruet offers a solution for Christian problems[3]. Ducruet said that a new political 
system ought to be established in which all confessions share in the making of national 
decisions and in which not one confession can impose on the nation what is not 
acceptable to the tradition of the other confession[4]. He added that a numerical majority 
is not compatible with consensual democracy, which necessitates a coalition government 
and a mutual veto on decisions that are seen as contrary to the vital interests of any 
community5. It is a sensible proposal, which will protect Christians in Lebanon. However, 
it is not expected that the Muslim majority will agree. They hope for the abolishment of 
the sectarian system, so they can run the country completely.
By now, the cause of Christians is all but defunct, where their survival is uncertain. 
-- Fouad Abi-Esber BA MA 
Additional Resources:
For additional reading on the status of persecution of Eastern Christians, please 
read detailed accounts in this site "Persecution of Maronites and other Eastern 
Christians[39]," "The Syriacs[40]," "The Palestinian Christian: Betrayed, 
Persecuted, Sacrificed[41]," and in the Assyrian site: "Genocides Against the 
Assyrian Nation[42]" or in the "CopticWeb dedicates to the persecuted Copts of 
Egypt[43]".
By Fouad Abi-Esber
Sources:
http://phoenicia.org/christiansmea.html
1. Abu-Hamad Aziz, Communal strife in Lebanon: Ancient animosities or state intervention? Journal of International Affairs; 
New York; summer 1995.
2. Akarli Engin Deniz, The Long Peace, Ottoman Lebanon, 1861-1920 , (University of California Press,Los Angeles, 1993)
3. Andrews John, A War with Many Losers, The Economist, London, Feb 24, 1996.
4. Asmar Christine, Maroun Kisirwani; Robert Springborg, Clash of politics or civilisations? Sectarianism among youth in 
Lebanon, Arab Studies Quarterly, Fall 1999 v21 i4 p 35.
5. Barakat Halim, Toward A Viable Lebanon, Croom Helm London and Sydney, Centre for Contemporary Arab Studies, 
Georgetown University Washington 1988.
6. Betts Robert Brenton, Lebanon Defied, Musa al-Sadr and the Shi'a community Middle East Policy, Washington, Jan 1998.
7. Brynen Rex, The Lebanese Civil War (1975-76). Sanctuary and survival: The PLO in Lebanon Boulder: Westview Press, 1990.
8. Ellis C Kail, Lebanon: The Struggle of a Small Country in a regional context, Arab Studies Quarterly, winter 1999 v21 i1 p 5, 
1999
9. George Alan, Lebanon militia leader is easy scapegoat, Jane's Intelligence Review; Coulsdon; Aug 1, 1997
10. Gerges A Fawaz, The Lebanese conflict:Looking Inward; Political Science Quarterly, New York, Fall,1999.
11. Gordon C David, The Republic of Lebanon, Nation in Jeopardy, boulder,Colo:London:Westview Press, Croom Helm 1983.
12. Haddad Simon, Sectarian attitudes as a function of the Palestinians presence in Lebanon, Arab Studies Quarterly, Summer 
2000 v22 i3 p81
13. Hage Ghassan, Nationalist anxiety or the fear of losing your other, The Australian Journal of Anthropology, Sydney 1996.
14. Halsall Paul, Internet Modern History sourcebook http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/1957eisenhowerdoctrine.html ,
7/7/2001
15. Hanf Theodor, Coexistence in wartime Lebanon Decline of a State and Rise of a nation, translated from Germany by John 
Richardson, the centre for Lebanese Studies in association with LB Tauris and co Ltd publishers London, 1993.
16. Harb Tom, American Maronite union to Powell:Jebran is Lebanese not Arab, Lebanon Bulletin, Press Release, May 9th, 2001.
17. Harik P Judith, Khashan Hilal, Lebanon's Divisive Democracy: the Parliamentary Elections of 1992, Arab Studies Quarterly, 
winter 1993 v15 n1 41.

