# 1.2 General characteristics of European Islamic Negationism

> 原文页码: 44-50

1.2 General characteristics of European Islamic Negationism
“When a land rejects her legends, Sees but falsehoods in the past; And its people view 
their Sires in the light of fools and liars, 'Tis a sign of its decline and its glories cannot last. 
Branches that but blight their roots yield no sap for lasting fruits.”
Rudyard Kipling
Europe has its own full-fledged brand of negationism: a movement to deny the large-
scale and long-term crimes against humanity committed by Islam. This movement is led 
by Islamic apologists and Marxist academics, and followed by all the politicians, 
journalists and intellectuals who call themselves secularists. Similar to the Turkish 
negationism regarding the Armenian genocide, the European negationism regarding the 
terrible record of Islam is fully supported by the establishment (The EU, Western 
European governments). It has nearly full control of the media and dictates all state and 
government parlance concerning the communal problem (more properly to be called the 
Islam problem).
Its techniques are essentially the same as those of negationists elsewhere: 
1. Head-on denial: The crassest form of negationism is obviously the simple denial 
of the facts. This is mostly done in the form of general claims, such as: "Islam is 
tolerant", "Islamic Spain was a model of multicultural harmony", "the anti-Jewish 
hatred was unknown among Muslims until Zionism and anti-Semitism together 
entered the Muslim world from Europe". Since it is rare that a specific crime of Islam 
is brought to the public's notice, there is little occasion to come out and deny specific 
crimes. Exceptions are the Armenian genocide, officially denied in Turkey and the 
entire Muslim world.
The Rushdie affair was the occasion for negationism on a grand scale. There happens 
to be an unambiguous answer to the question: "Is it Islamic to kill those who voice 
criticism of the Prophet?" According to the media and most experts, the answer was 
definitely: no. According to the basic traditions of Islam, it was: yes. Mohammed as 
well as his immediate successors have killed critics, both in formal executions and in 
night-time stabbings. In Islamic law, the Prophet's example is valid precedent. At 
most there could be some quarrelling over the procedure: some jurists thought that 
Rushdie should first be kidnapped to an Islamic country and given a chance to recant 
before an Islamic court, though the ayatollahs have ruled that no amount of remorse 
can save Rushdie. If he stands by his book, even the so-called moderates think he 
must be killed. Islamic law punishes both apostasy and insults to the Prophet with the 
death penalty: twice there is no escape for Rushdie. Yet, the outside public was told 
by many experts that killing Rushdie is un-Islamic. 
Flat denial will work very well if your grip on the press and education media is 
sufficient. Otherwise, there is a danger of being shown up as the negationist one 
really is. In that case, a number of softer techniques are available. 
2. Ignoring the facts: This passive negationism is certainly the safest and the most 
popular. The media and textbook-writers simply keep the vast corpus of inconvenient 
testimony out of the readers' view. This includes most of the information about the 
systematic slaughter, torture and enslavement of non-Muslims in historical and 
present context (including Genocides and Dhimmitude), demographic developments 
which show the systematic and gradual Muslim takeover of societies (Including 
Kosovo, Lebanon and now in many Western European countries) and al-
Taqiyya/ketman – Ummah - Quranic abrogation and Jihads importance in Islam. 
Other essential facts are also ignored like Saudi Arabia’s role in spreading traditional 
Islam (so called Islamic theofascism or Wahhabism which the Eurabians like to refer 
to it). They have failed to inform the people of Europe that Saudi Arabia have spent 
more than 87 billion USD abroad the past two decades propagating “true Islam”. The 
bulk of this funding goes to the construction and operating expenses of thousands of 
mosques, madrassas and Muslim cultural centers throughout the world. These Islamic 
institutions are now found in every single country in the West - all over Western 
Europe.
3. Minimising the facts: If the inconvenient fact is pointed out that numerous 
Muslim chroniclers have reported a given massacre of unbelievers themselves, one 
can posit a priori that they must have exaggerated to flatter their patron's martial 
vanity - as if it is not significant enough that Muslim rulers felt flattered by being 
described as mass-murderers of infidels. 
Apart from minimising the absolute size of Islamic crimes, there is the popular 
technique of relative minimising: make the facts look smaller by comparing them with 
other, carefully selected facts. Thus, one can say that "all religions are intolerant", 
which sounds plausible to many though it is patently false: in the Roman Empire only 
those sects were persecuted which had political ambitions (Jews when they fought for 
independence, Christians because they sought to take over the Empire and outlaw all 
other religions, as they effectively did), while the others enjoyed the status of religio 
licita; similarly with the Persian Empire and many other states and cultures. 
An oft-invoked counterweight for the charge-sheet against Islam, is the fanaticism 
record of Christianity. It is indeed well-known that Christianity has been guilty of 
numerous temple destructions and persecutions. But the reason for this fanaticism is 
found in the common theological foundation of both religions: exclusivist prophetic 
monotheism. The case against Christianity is at once a case against Islam. Moreover, 
in spite of its theologically motivated tendency to intolerance, Christianity has had to 
go through the experience of "live and let live" because in its formative period, it was 
but one of the numerous sects in the pluralist Roman Empire. 
Islam never had this experience, and in order to bring out its full potential of 
fanaticism, Christianity has needed the influence of Islam on a few occasions. Thus, it 
is no coincidence that Charlemagne, who defeated the Saxons by force, was the 
grandson of Charles Martel, who defeated the Islamic army in Poitiers; no coincidence 
either that the Teutonic knights who forcibly converted the Balts, were veterans of the 
Crusades, i.e. the campaign to liberate Palestine from Islam; nor is it a coincidence 
that the Spanish Inquisition emerged in a country that had needed centuries to shake 
off Islamic oppression. Finally, Christianity is, by and large, facing the facts of its own 
history, though it’s still struggling with the need to own up the responsibility for these 
facts. 
An even more general way of drowning Islamic fanaticism in relativist comparisons is 
to point out that after all - every imperialistically motivated war has been less than 
gentle. That may well be true, but then, we are not setting up cults for the Genghis 
Khans of this world. A religion should contribute to man's transcending his natural 
defects like greed and cruelty, and not sanction and glorify them. 
4. Whitewashing: When one cannot conceal, deny or minimise the facts, one can 
still claim that on closer analysis, they are not as bad as they seem. One can call 
right what is obviously wrong. This can go very far, e.g. in his biography of 
Mohammed, Maxime Rodinson declared unashamedly that the extermination of the 
Medinese Jews by Mohammed was doubtlessly the best solution. In numerous popular 
introductions to Islam, the fact that Islam imposes the death penalty on apostates (in 
modern terminology: that Islam opposes freedom of religion in the most radical 
manner) is acknowledged; but then it is explained that "since Islam was at war with 
the polytheists, apostasy equalled treason and desertion, something which is still 
punished with death in our secular society". All right, but the point is precisely that 
Islam chose to be at war with the traditional religion of Arabia, as also with all other 
religions, and that it has made this state of war into a permanent feature of its law 
system. 
5. Playing up unrepresentative facts: A popular tactic in negationism consists in 
finding a positive but uncharacteristic event, and highlighting it while keeping the 
over-all picture out of the public's view. For instance, a document is found in which 
Christians, whose son has forcibly been inducted in the Ottoman Janissary army, 
express pride because their son has made it to high office within this army. The fact 
that these people manage to see the bright side of their son's abduction, enslavement 
and forced conversion, is then used to prove that non-Muslims were quite happy 
under Muslim rule, and to conceal the fact that the devshirme, the forcible conversion 
and abduction of one fifth of the Christian children by the Ottoman authorities, 
constituted a constant and formidable terror bewailed in hundreds of heart-rending 
songs and stories. 
For another example, negationists always mention cases of collaboration by non-
Muslims (German support in the Armenian Genocide etc.) to suggest that these were 
treated as partners and equals and that Muslim rule was quite benevolent; when in 
fact every history of an occupation, even the most cruel one, is also the history of a 
collaboration. As has been pointed out, the Nazis employed Jewish guards in the 
Warsaw ghetto, disprove the Nazi oppression of the Jews. 
6. Denying the motive: Negationists sometimes accept the facts, but disclaim their 
hero's responsibility for them. Thus, Mohammed Habib tried to exonerate Islam by 
ascribing to the Islamic invaders alternative motives: Turkish barbarity, greed, the 
need to put down conspiracies brewing in temples. In reality, those rulers who had 
secular reasons to avoid an all-out confrontation with the unbelievers were often 
reprimanded by their clerical courtiers for neglecting their Islamic duty. The same 
clerics were never unduly worried over possible secular motives in a ruler's mind as 
long as these prompted him to action against the unbelievers. At any rate, the fact 
that Islam could be used routinely to justify plunder and enslavement (unlike, say, 
Buddhism), is still significant enough. 
7. Smokescreen: Another common tactic consists in blurring the problem by 
questioning the very terms of the debate: "Islam does not exist, for there are many 
Islam’s, with big differences between countries etc." It would indeed be hard to 
criticise something that is so ill- defined. But the simple fact is that Islam does exist: 
it is the doctrine contained in the Quran, normative for all Muslims, and in the Hadith, 
normative for at least all Sunni Muslims. There are differences between the law 
schools concerning minor points, and of course there are considerable differences in 
the extent to which Muslims are effectively faithful to Islamic doctrine, and 
correspondingly, the extent to which they mix it with un-Islamic elements. 
8. Blaming fringe phenomena: When faced with hard facts of Islamic fanaticism, 
negationists often blame them on some fringe tendency, now popularly known as 
fundamentalism or Wahhabism. This is said to be the product of post-colonial 
frustration, basically foreign to genuine Islam. In reality, fundamentalists like Maulana 
Maudoodi and Ayatollah Khomeini knew their Quran better than the self-deluding 
secularists who brand them as bad Muslims. What is called fundamentalism or 
Wahhabism is in fact the original Islam, as is proven by the fact that fundamentalists 
have existed since long before colonialism, e.g. the 13th century theologian Ibn 
Taimiya, who is still a lighthouse for today's Maudoodis, Turabis, Madanis and 
Khomeini’s. When Ayatollah Khomeini declared that the goal of Islam is the conquest 
of all non- Muslim countries, this was merely a reformulation of Mohammed's long-
term strategy and of the Quranic assurance that God has promised the entire world to 
Islam. In the case of communism, one can shift the blame from Marx to Lenin and 
Stalin, but Islamic terrorism has started with Mohammed himself. 
9. Arguments ad hominem: If denying the evidence is not tenable, one can always 
distort it by means of selective quoting and imputing motives to the original authors 
of the source material; or manipulating quotations to make them say the opposite of 
the over-all picture which the original author has presented. Focus all attention on a 
few real or imagined flaws in a few selected pieces, and act as if the entire corpus of 
evidence has been rendered untrustworthy. To extend the alleged untrustworthiness 
of one piece of evidence to the entire corpus of evidence, it is necessary to create 
suspicion against those who present the evidence: the implication is that they have a 
plan of history falsification, that this plan has been exposed in the case of this one 
piece of evidence, but that it is only logical that such motivated history falsifiers are 
also behind the concoction of the rest of the alleged evidence. 
If the discussion of inconvenient evidence cannot be prevented, disperse it by raising 
other issues, such as the human imperfections which every victim of crimes against 
humanity inevitably has (Jewish harshness against the Palestinians, Hindu 
untouchability); describe the demand for the truth as a ploy to justify and cover up 
these imperfections. If the facts have to be faced at all, then blame the victim. If 
people ignore or refute your distorted version of history, accuse them of distortion 
and political abuse of history. Slander scholars whose testimony is inconvenient; 
impute political or other motives to them in order to pull the attention away from the 
hard evidence they present. 
10. Slogans: Finally, all discussion can be sabotaged with the simple technique of 
shouting slogans: prejudice, myth, "racism/Islamophobia". Take the struggle from the 
common battlefield of arguments into the opponent's camp: his self-esteem as a 
member of the civilised company that abhors ugly things like prejudice and 
Islamophobia. After all, attack is the best defence. 
After summing up the forms of negationism, we have to look into its causes. The 
following factors come to mind: 
1. Orientalism and Islamology: After the medieval Christian pamphlets against 
"Mohammed the impostor" whose media campaigns ended in the late 19th century, 
not much has been published schematising the ideological and factual crimes of 
Islam. Books on, say, "slavery in Islam" are extremely rare: the raw information that 
could fill such a publication will have to be found in more general publications, in 
which Islam is only referred to in passing, often without the author's realising the 
implications for an evaluation of Islam. It is often said (when introducing "refutations 
of prejudice") that people always associate Islam with intolerance; but finding a book 
specifically devoted to the subject of Islamic intolerance will be harder. How many 
tens of millions have been killed by Islam simply because they were non-Muslims? 
Nobody has yet tabulated the figures available to prepare a general estimate. We can 
only notice that critical research of Islam is not exactly encouraged, and that there is 
an increasing tendency to self-censorship regarding Islam criticism. In part, this is 
due to a much delayed reaction against the long-abandoned Christian polemical 
approach. 
Now that Islamic Studies departments in Europe are increasingly manned by Muslims 
and sponsored by Islamic foundations and states, the climate for critical studies of 
Islam is only worsening. When comparing the first (pre-World War 2) edition of the 
Encyclopaedia of Islam (Leiden, Netherlands) with the new edition, it is striking how 
critical observations have been ironed out. But even in the past, Islam has enjoyed a 
rather favourable treatment in academic circles. Thus, about Islamic slavery the 
prominent Dutch Islamologist C. Snouck-Hurgronje wrote in 1887 (i.e. thirty years 
after the Americans had waged a war to impose the abolition of slavery in their 
southern states, and some seventy years after its abolition in the colonies): "For 
most slaves their abduction was a blessing... They themselves are convicted that it is 
their enslavement that has for the first time made them human." 
The political context of the growth phase of Islamology provides a part of the 
explanation. Mature colonialism was not waging war against Islam, but sought the co-
operation of the established social forces in the colonised populations. The British co-
operation with the Indian Muslims is well- known; it is epitomised by the founding in 
1906 of the Muslim League, which sought to "inculcate loyalty to the British Empire in 
the Indian Muslims". In French West Africa, in the same period, Islam was accepted 
as a factor of social stability, and General Lyautey pursued a dream of a Franco-
Islamic synthesis culture in Algeria. In the 1930s, in the last European attempt at 
fresh colonisation, the Italian Fascists actively supported the spread of Islam in the 
Horn of Africa. But already since 1853 the colonial powers had been supporting the 
Caliphate against a Christian power, Russia, esp. in the Crimean War (a mistaken war 
if ever there was one), and this had strongly contributed to climate of benevolence 
towards the Muslim culture. 
2. Church policy: Christianity has for centuries waged a lively polemic against Islam. 
Recently, this criticism has subsided. Worse, polemical works by clerics have been 
withdrawn or kept unpublished (such as, early this century, Father Henri Lammens' 
paper arguing that Mohammed's revelations were a psychopathological 
phenomenon). One reason is that the Church is aware of the similarity between Jesus' 
and Mohammed's missions, so that a criticism of the foundations of Islam may 
backfire on Christianity. The second reason is the fear that Christians in the Muslim 
world would have to pay for even ideological attack on Islam (that is why Church 
polemists save their sharpest words for harmless religions like Hinduism). This fear 
also motivates other Church policies, such as the non-recognition of the state of 
Israel. 
Meanwhile, the face of the Church has changed. A small but significant event in the 
wake of the Second Vatican Council was the deletion from the Saints' calendar of Our 
Lady of the Redemption of Slaves, whose feast was on 24 September. In the Middle 
Ages, there was a special clerical order and a whole fund-raising network devoted to 
the redemption ("buying back") of Christian slaves held in Barbary. Until the 19th 
century, coastal villages in Italy had watchtowers to alarm the people when a ship of 
the slave-catching Barbarese pirates was in sight. The terror of Islamic slavery was a 
permanent feature of Christian history from the 7th till the 19th century, but now the 
Church is working hard to erase this memory. 
Today, its pastors are the most fervent pleaders for the rights of Islam. Muslims in 
Europe are for them a substitute for the disappearing parish members. Separate 
Christian institutions, whose reason of existence is being questioned, find a new 
legitimacy in the fact that Islam in its turn is also opening separate schools, charities 
and even political parties. Islam has become a sister religion regularly praised as a 
religion of peace. 
3. Anti-colonialism: One of the ideological guidelines of anti-colonialism was: "Of 
the (ex) colonised, nothing but good must be said." Therefore, mentioning the 
colonialism and mass slavery practised by the Muslims had become undesirable. 
Add to this general taboo the warning that Islam criticism effectively implies support 
to Israel, described by Maxime Rodinson as a "colonial settler-state". If one 
acknowledges that Islam has always oppressed the Jews, one accepts that Israel was 
a necessary refuge for the Jews fleeing not only the European but also the Islamic 
variety of anti-Judaism. Let us not forget that decolonisation was followed 
immediately by renewed discrimination of and attacks on the Jewish and Christian 
minorities, and that those Jews who could get out have promptly fled to Israel (or 
France, in the case of Algeria). It is no coincidence that these Sephardic Jews are 
mostly supporters of the hard- liners in Israel. 
4. The enemy's enemy is a friend: Many people brought up as Christians, or as 
nominal Hindus, never outgrow their pubescent revolt against their parents' religion, 
and therefore automatically sympathise with every rival or opponent of the religion 
they have come to despise. Because Islam poses the most formidable threat, they 
like it a lot. 
5. Leftism: In this century, Islam has come to be advertised as a naturally leftist 
"religion of equality". This line has been developed by Muslim apologists such as 
Mohammed Habib, and they have even taken it as a rationalisation of the irrational 
claim that Mohammed was the "last Prophet": after all, as the "prophet of equality", 
he had brought the ultimate message upon which no improvement is possible. Sir 
Mohammed Iqbal, one of the fathers of Pakistan, had claimed that "Islam equals 
Communism plus Allah". The Iranian Ayatollahs, by contrast, and most of the vocal 
Muslims after the Soviet-Islamic war in Afghanistan, have restated the orthodox 
position that Communism is un-Islamic, not only because of its atheism but also 
because of its rejection of free enterprise; the current claim is that Islam provides a 
"better form of equality" than Communism. 
Even while Communists were slaughtered in Islamic Iran, and even while political 
analysts classify the Islamist movements as "extreme rightist", most leftists have 
kept on cultivating some sympathy for Islam. During the Lebanese civil war, they fed 
us news stories about "leftist Muslims, rightist Christians", "Islamo-progressive, 
Christiano- reactionnaire". 
Negationism in Europe is practised with the most prowess by historians and writers 
who are under the spell of Marxism. Lenin had wanted to use the Muslims against the 
French and British colonialists. Modern Leftists with Marxist sympathies see Islam as 
an ally against Israel and the US.
6. Rightist traditionalism: There is also a rightist sympathy for Islam. An obvious 
point of agreement is of course anti-Judaism. A subtler basis for sympathy is the so-
called traditionalist current, which was represented by the converts Rene Guenon and 
Frithjof Schuon, and still has a following: it has been idealising Islam and esp. Sufism 
as the preserver of the age-old philosophia pernnis against modernity. In Russia, 
some Slavophile anti-Western groups now seek an alliance with Islam against the 
impending Americanisation of their society. In the U.S., Christian fundamentalists and 
Islamic organisations are increasingly creating common platforms to speak out 
against trends of moral decay (abortion, pornography, etc.). Some of these 
phenomena of traditionalist alliance-building are quite respectable, but they are 
nevertheless conducive to Islam negationism. 
7. Economic Liberalists: Liberalists see Muslim immigration as an endless source of 
cheap labour and seek to defend them as often as they can. In addition, they support 
EU membership for Turkey.
8. Liberal Islam: In the Islamic world, it is unwise to attack Islam head-on. Yet, 
sometimes people in those countries feel the need to oppose Islamic phenomena and 
campaigns, such as the witch-hunt on un-Islamic cultural remnants, violence on the 
non-Muslims, extreme forms of gender inequality. In order to have a chance, these 
people have to use Islamic language: 
"Mohammed was actually against polygamy", "violence against others is in conflict 
with the tolerance which Mohammed has taught us", "and respect for other cultures 
is part of Islamic tradition". 
In order to press their humanist point, they have to formally identify with Islam 
and lie about its contents. 
Many Muslims have started to believe their own rhetoric. If you point out to them 
that the Quran teaches intolerance and war against the unbelievers in the most 
explicit terms, many of them will sincerely protest, and not know what to say 
when you show them the Quranic passages concerned. There is no reason to 
doubt that the Moroccan authoress Fatima Mernissi genuinely believes in her own 
argument that the Quranic instructions on how to organise your polygamous 
household are to be read as an abolition of polygamy (albeit in veiled terms, 
because Allah, the same Allah Almighty who went straight against the prevalent 
customs of idolatry and pluralism, had to be careful not to offend the spirit of the 
times). Many nominal Muslims have outgrown Islamic values and developed a 
commitment to modern values, but their sentimental attachment to the religion 
imbibed in their childhood prevents them from formally breaking with Islam and 
makes them paint a rosy picture of it. 
Among Muslim spokesmen, is certainly not the fundamentalists who are the most 
active proponents of negationism. It is liberals like Asghar Ali Engineer who deny 
that Islam ordains war on the infidels. It is those who are acclaimed by Europeans 
as being good "secular" Muslims. An Islam that wants to be secular cannot be and 
is therefore dishonest and untrue to itself. Unfortunately, a tolerant Islam is a 
contradiction, and the “creation” of a tolerant past for Islam to appease the 
position of liberal Muslims, is a lie. 
9. Muslims differing from Islam: Many people have a Muslim neighbour who is 
a fine man, and from this empirical fact they conclude: Islam cannot be all that 
bad considering our friend Mustapha. This one empirical fact gives them a 
tremendous resistance against all information about Islamic intolerance. People 
usually reduce the world to their own sphere of experience, and general historical 
facts of Islamic fanaticism are not allowed to disturb the private experience of 
good neighbourly relations. 
Many nominal Muslims have retained some vague generalities about morality from 
the Quran, and they normally go by their own conscience and sensibility without 
ever developing the doctrinally prescribed hostility towards non-Muslims. These 
good people, although bad Muslims, can ignore but not change Islamic doctrine. 
They cannot prevent the Quranic message of hatred from infecting at least some 
of the more susceptible among their brethren and perhaps even their children or 
grandchildren in the future. 
There have certainly been situations where sane Muslims have calmed down their 
more riotous brethren, and such individuals do make a real difference. We should 
not make the Islamic mistake of judging people simply by their belonging or not 
belonging to the Muslim community, rather than by their human qualities. But the 
fact remains that the presence of a doctrine of intolerance as the official and 
identity-defining ideology of a community, exerts a constant pressure tending 
towards separatism and confrontation. The alleviating presence of the humanist 

