# 1.20 Battle of Poitiers (Battle of Tours) – First Islamic Wave – Year 732

> 原文页码: 219-234

18. Harris William Faces of Lebanon, Sects, Wars, and Global Extensions, Markus Wiener Publishers Princeton, 1997.
19. Irani Emile George, the Breakdown of the State in Lebanon. 1967-1976, book review, The Middle East Journal, Spring 2001 
v55 i2 p 320, 2001.
20. Jehl Douglas, Troubled Christian Minority awaits the Pope in Lebanon, New York Times, New York, May 9, 1997.
21. Johnson Marguerite, Arabs who look to the West; with guns and crosses, Lebanon's Christians try to survive, Time, March 
5, v123 p 29, 1984
22. Khalaf Tewfik, The Phalanges and the Maronite community, in Essays on the Crisis in Lebanon edited by Roger Owen, 1976.
23. Khashan Hilal, Arab Christians as Symbols, Middle East Quarterly, Winter 2001 v 8 i1 p5, Transaction Publishers, Inc.
24. Kolvenbach Peter-Hans, Maronites between two worlds, http://www.stmaron.org/twoworld.html , 6/6/2001
25. Library of Congress, The opposing Forces in the Lebanese Civil war, Federal Research division 
http://rs6.loc.gov/frd/cs/lebanon/lb_appnb.html ,6/6/2001
26. Naaman Paul, Church and Politics in the Maronite Experience (1516-1943), The Journal of the Maronite Research Institute, 
The Journal of the Maronite Studies (JMS), January 1998 http://www.mari.org/JMS/january98/ , 6/6/2001
27. Najm Antoine, Envisioning A formula for living together in Lebanon in light of the Apostolic Exhortation, The Journal of 
Maronite Studies, the Maronite Research Institute April 1998. http://www.mari.org/JMS/april98/ ,8/6/2001
28. Navalpotro Jose, Destiny (In Danger of Extinction), Palabra magazine, Madrid July 2000.
29. Ofeish Sami, Lebanon's Second Republic: Secular Talk, Sectarian Application. Arab Studies Quarterly, Winter v21 i1 p97, 
1999
30. Rabinovich Itamar, The war for Lebanon 1970-1983-Ithaca And London, Cornell University press, 1984.
31. Sachs Susan, Syria Frees about 50 of Its Lebanese prisoners, New York, Times, New York, N.Y, Dec 12, 2000
32. Seaver M Brenda, The regional Sources of Power-sharing Failure: The case of Lebanon, Political Science Quarterly, Summer 
2000, v115 i2 p247.
33. Sennott M Charles, Christians in Decline in Lebanon, The Boston Globe, City edition 1999.
34. Spagnolo P John, France and Ottoman 1861-1914 London:Ithaca Press, 1997.
35. Tomass Mark, Game theory with instrumentally irrational players: A Case Study of Civil War and Sectarian Cleansing, 
Journal of Economic Issues, Lincoln; June 1997.
36. Yeranian, Edward, Christians in Lebanon see hopes, numbers diminish, Christian Science Monitor, vol89 Issue 115, p7-10, 
1997.
37. Zamir Meir, The formation of modern Lebanon, London, Dover, H, Groon Helm, 1985.
38. Zisser Eyal, The Maronites, Lebanon and the State of Israel: early contacts, Middle Eastern Studies, October 1995 v31 n4 
p889.
39. http://phoenicia.org/persecution1860.html
40. http://phoenicia.org/syriacs.html#SyriacMassac
41. http://phoenicia.org/xtianpalestine.html
42. http://www.aina.org/martyr.htm
43. http://www.copticweb.com/
44. http://phoenicia.org/maronites.html
45. http://phoenicia.org/persecution1860.html
46. http://phoenicia.org/xtian.html
47. http://phoenicia.org/xtiantranslateforarabs.html
48. http://phoenicia.org/melkites.html
49. http://www.coptic.net/EncyclopediaCoptica/
50. http://53.415.-2.973plusf37:OHawrpc639174173148ГЋ
Also, see interview with Brigitte Gabriel – American Congress for Truth 
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-3928169851397891989#
1.20 Battle of Poitiers (Battle of Tours) – First Islamic Wave – Year 732
The Battle of Tours (October 10, 732), also called the Battle of Poitiers and in Arabic: 
”ma‘arakat Balâṭ ash-Shuhadâ’) Battle of Court of The Martyrs, was fought in an area 
between the cities of Poitiers and Tours, near the village of Moussais-la-Bataille (modern 
Vouneuil-sur-Vienne) about 20km north of Poitiers. The location of the battle was close to 
the border between the Frankish realm and then-independent Aquitaine. The battle pitted 
Frankish and Burgundian forces under Austrasian Mayor of the Palace Charles Martel 
against an army of the Umayyad Caliphate led by ‘Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi, Governor-
general of al-Andalus. The Franks were victorious, ‘Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi was killed, 
and Charles subsequently extended his authority in the south. Ninth-century chroniclers, 
who interpreted the outcome of the battle as divine judgment in his favour, gave Charles 
the nickname Martellus ("The Hammer"). Details of the battle, including its exact location 
and the exact number of combatants, cannot be determined from accounts that have 
survived. Notably, the Frankish troops won the battle without cavalry.
As later chroniclers praised Charles Martel as the champion of Christianity, pre-20th 
century historians began to characterise this battle as being the decisive turning point in 
the struggle against Islam, a struggle which preserved Christianity as the religion of 
Europe. "Most of the 18th and 19th century historians, like Gibbon, saw Poitiers (Tours), 
as a landmark battle that marked the high tide of the Muslim advance into Europe." 
Leopold von Ranke felt that "Poitiers was the turning point of one of the most important 
epochs in the history of the world."
While modern historians are divided and there is considerable disagreement as to 
whether or not the victory was responsible — as Gibbon and his generation of historians 
claimed, and which is echoed by many modern historians — for saving Christianity and 
halting the conquest of Europe by Islam, there is little dispute that the battle helped lay 
the foundations of the Carolingian Empire and Frankish domination of Europe for the next 
century. "The establishment of Frankish power in western Europe shaped that continent's 
destiny and the Battle of Tours confirmed that power."
Background
The Battle of Tours followed twenty years of Umayyad conquests in Europe which had 
begun with the invasion of the Visigothic Christian Kingdoms of the Iberian peninsula in 
711. These were followed by military expeditions into the Frankish territories of Gaul, 
former provinces of the Roman Empire. Umayyad military campaigns had reached 
northward into Aquitaine and Burgundy, including a major engagement at Bordeaux and 
a raid on Autun. Charles' victory is widely believed to have stopped the northward 
advance of Umayyad forces from the Iberian peninsula, and to have preserved 
Christianity in Europe during a period when Muslim rule was overrunning the remains of 
the old Roman and Persian Empires. 
Most historians assume that the two armies met where the rivers Clain and Vienne join 
between Tours and Poitiers. The number of troops in each army is not known. Drawing on 
non-contemporary Muslim sources, Creasy describes the Umayyad forces as 80,000 
strong or more. Writing in 1999, Paul K. Davis estimates the Umayyad forces at 80,000 
and the Franks at about 30,000, while noting that modern historians have estimated the 
strength of the Umayyad army at Tours at between 20–80,000. Edward J. Schoenfeld 
(rejecting the older figures of 60–400,000 Umayyad and 75,000 Franks) contends that 
"estimates that the Umayyads had over fifty thousand troops (and the Franks even more) 
are logistically impossible." Another modern military historian, Modern historians may be 
more accurate than the medieval sources as the modern figures are based on estimates 
of the logistical ability of the countryside to support these numbers of men and animals. 
Both Davis and Hanson point out that both armies had to live off the countryside, neither 
having a commissary system sufficient to provide supplies for a campaign. Losses during 
the battle are unknown but chroniclers later claimed that Charles Martel's force lost about 
1,500 while the Umayyad force was said to have suffered massive casualties of up to 
375,000 men. However, these same casualty figures were recorded in the Liber 
pontificalis for Duke Odo of Aquitaine's victory at the Battle of Toulouse (721). Paul the 
Deacon reported correctly in his Historia Langobardorum (written around the year 785) 
that the Liber pontificalis mentioned these casualty figures in relation to Odo's victory at 
Toulouse (though he claimed that Charles Martel fought in the battle alongside Odo), but 
later writers, probably "influenced by the Continuations of Fredegar, attributed the 
Saracen casualties solely to Charles Martel, and the battle in which they fell became 
unequivocally that of Poitiers." The Vita Pardulfi, written in the middle of the eighth 
century, reports that after the battle ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân's forces burned and looted their way 
through the Limousin on their way back to Al-Andalus, which implies that they were not 
destroyed to the extent imagined in the Continuations of Fredegar.
The opponents
The invasion of Hispania, and then Gaul, was led by the Umayyad Dynasty, the first 
dynasty of caliphs of the Islamic empire after the reign of the Four Rightly Guided Caliphs 
(Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman, and Ali) ended. The Umayyad Caliphate, at the time of the 
Battle of Tours, was perhaps the world’s foremost military power. Great expansion of the 
Caliphate occurred under the reign of the Umayyads. Muslim armies pushed across North 
Africa and Persia through the late 600s; forces led by Tariq ibn-Ziyad crossed Gibraltar 
and established Muslim power in the Iberian peninsula, while other armies established 
power far away in Sind, in what is now the modern state of Pakistan. The Muslim empire 
under the Umayyads was now a vast domain that ruled a diverse array of peoples. It had 
destroyed what were the two former foremost military powers, the Sassanid Empire, 
which it absorbed completely, and the Byzantine Empire, most of which it had absorbed, 
including Syria, Armenia and North Africa, although Leo the Isaurian successfully 
defended Anatolia at the Battle of Akroinon (739) in the final campaign of the Umayyad 
dynasty.
The Frankish realm under Charles Martel was the foremost military power of Western 
Europe. It consisted of what is today most of France (Austrasia, Neustria and Burgundy), 
most of Western Germany, and the low countries. The Frankish realm had begun to 
progress towards becoming the first real imperial power in Western Europe since the fall 
of Rome, as it struggled against external forces such as the Saxons, Frisians, and internal 
opponents such as Odo the Great (Old French: Eudes), the Duke of Aquitaine.
Muslim conquests from Hispania
The Umayyad troops, under Al-Samh ibn Malik al-Khawlani, the governor-general of al-
Andalus, overran Septimania by 719, following their sweep up the Iberian peninsula. Al-
Samh set up his capital from 720 at Narbonne, which the Moors called Arbūna. With the 
port of Narbonne secure, the Umayyads swiftly subdued the largely unresisting cities of 
Alet, Béziers, Agde, Lodève, Maguelonne, and Nîmes, still controlled by their Visigothic 
counts.
The Umayyad campaign into Aquitaine suffered a temporary setback at the Battle of 
Toulouse (721), when Duke Odo of Aquitaine (also known as Eudes the Great) broke the 
siege of Toulouse, taking Al-Samh ibn Malik's forces by surprise and mortally wounding 
the governor-general Al-Samh ibn Malik himself. This defeat did not stop incursions into 
old Roman Gaul, as Muslim forces, soundly based in Narbonne and easily resupplied by 
sea, struck eastwards in the 720s, penetrating as far as Autun in Burgundy in 725.
Threatened by both the Umayyads in the south and by the Franks in the north, in 730 
Eudes allied himself with the Berber emir Uthman ibn Naissa, called "Munuza" by the 
Franks, the deputy governor of what would later become Catalonia. As a gage, and to 
seal the alliance, Uthman was given Eudes's daughter Lampade in marriage, and Arab 
raids across the Pyrenees, Eudes's southern border, ceased. However, the next year, 
Uthman rebelled against the governor of al-Andalus, ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân, who quickly 
crushed the revolt and directed his attention against Eudes. ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân had brought 
a huge force of Arab heavy cavalry and Berber light cavalry, plus troops from all 
provinces of the Caliphate, in the Umayyad attempt at a conquest of Europe north of the 
Pyrenees. According to one unidentified Arab, "That army went through all places like a 
desolating storm." Duke Eudes (called King by some), collected his army at Bordeaux, 
but was defeated, and Bordeaux was plundered. The slaughter of Christians at the Battle 
of the River Garonne was evidently horrific; the Mozarabic Chronicle of 754 commented, 
"solus Deus numerum morientium vel pereuntium recognoscat", ("God alone knows the 
number of the slain"). The Umayyad horsemen then utterly devastated that portion of 
Gaul, their own histories saying the "faithful pierced through the mountains, trampled 
over rough and level ground, plundered far into the country of the Franks, and smote all 
with the sword, insomuch that when Eudo came to battle with them at the River 
Garonne, he fled."
Eudes' appeal to the Franks
Eudes appealed to the Franks for assistance, which Charles Martel only granted after 
Eudes agreed to submit to Frankish authority.
It appears as if the Umayyads were not aware of the true strength of the Franks. The 
Umayyad forces were not particularly concerned about any of the Germanic tribes, 
including the Franks, and the Arab Chronicles, the history of that age, show that 
awareness of the Franks as a growing military power only came after the Battle of Tours.
Further, the Umayyads appear not to have scouted northward for potential foes, for if 
they had, they surely would have noted Charles Martel as a force to be reckoned with in 
his own account, due to his thorough domination of Europe from 717: this might have 
alerted the Umayyads that a real power led by a gifted general was rising in the ashes of 
the Western Roman Empire.
Advance toward the Loire
In 732, the Umayyad advance force was proceeding north toward the River Loire having 
outpaced their supply train and a large part of their army. Essentially, having easily 
destroyed all resistance in that part of Gaul, the invading army had split off into several 
raiding parties, while the main body advanced more slowly.
The Umayyad attack was likely so late in the year because many men and horses needed 
to live off the land as they advanced; thus they had to wait until the area's wheat harvest 
was ready and then until a reasonable amount of the harvest was threshed (slowly by 
hand with flails) and stored. The further north, the later the harvest is, and while the 
men could kill farm livestock for food, horses cannot eat meat and needed grain as food. 
Letting them graze each day would take too long, and interrogating natives to find where 
food stores were kept would not work where the two sides had no common language.
A military explanation for why Eudes was defeated so easily at Bordeaux and at the 
Battle of the River Garonne after having won 11 years earlier at the Battle of Toulouse is 
simple. At Toulouse, Eudes managed a basic surprise attack against an overconfident and 
unprepared foe, all of whose defensive works were aimed inward, while he attacked from 
the outside. The Umayyad forces were mostly infantry, and what cavalry they had never 
got a chance to mobilise and meet him in open battle. As Herman de Carinthia wrote in 
one of his translations of a history of al-Andalus, Eudes managed a highly successful 
encircling envelopment which took the attackers totally by surprise — and the result was 
a chaotic slaughter of the Muslim forces.
At Bordeaux, and again at the Battle of the River Garonne, the Umayyad forces were 
cavalry, not infantry, and were not taken by surprise, and given a chance to mass for 
battle, this led to the devastation of Eudes's army, almost all of whom were killed with 
minimal losses to the Muslims. Eudes's forces, like other European troops of that era, 
lacked stirrups, and therefore had no heavy cavalry. Virtually all of their troops were 
infantry. The Umayyad heavy cavalry broke the Christian infantry in their first charge, 
and then slaughtered them at will as they broke and ran.
The invading force went on to devastate southern Gaul. A possible motive, according to 
the second continuator of Fredegar, was the riches of the Abbey of Saint Martin of Tours, 
the most prestigious and holiest shrine in Western Europe at the time. Upon hearing this, 
Austrasia's Mayor of the Palace, Charles Martel, collected his army and marched south, 
avoiding the old Roman roads and hoping to take the Muslims by surprise. Because he 
intended to use a phalanx, it was essential for him to choose the battlefield. His plan — 
to find a high wooded plain, form his men and force the Muslims to come to him — 
depended on the element of surprise.
Battle
Preparations and maneuver
From all accounts, the invading forces were caught entirely off guard to find a large 
force, well disposed and prepared for battle, with high ground, directly opposing their 
attack on Tours. Charles had achieved the total surprise he hoped for. He then chose to 
begin the battle in a defensive, phalanx-like formation. According to the Arabian sources, 
the Franks drew up in a large square, with the trees and upward slope to break any 
cavalry charge.
For seven days, the two armies watched each other with minor skirmishes. The 
Umayyads waited for their full strength to arrive, which it did, but they were still uneasy. 
'Abd-al-Raḥmân, despite being a good commander, had managed to let Charles bring his 
army to full strength and pick the location of the battle. Furthermore, it was difficult for 
the Umayyads to judge the size of the army opposing them, since Charles had used the 
trees and forest to make his force appear larger than it probably was. Thus, 'Abd-al-
Raḥmân recalled all his troops, which did give him an even larger army — but it also gave 
Charles time for more of his veteran infantry to arrive from the outposts of his Empire. 
These infantry were all the hope for victory he had. Seasoned and battle hardened, most 
of them had fought with him for years, some as far back as 717. Further, he also had 
levies of militia arrive, but the militia was virtually worthless except for gathering food, 
and harassing the Muslims. Unlike his infantry, which was both experienced and 
disciplined, the levies were neither, and Charles had no intention of depending on them 
to stand firm against cavalry charges (Most historians through the centuries have 
believed the Franks were badly outnumbered at the onset of battle by at least 2-1.). 
Charles gambled everything that ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân would in the end feel compelled to 
battle, and to go on and loot Tours. Neither of them wanted to attack - but Abd-al-
Raḥmân felt in the end obligated to sack Tours, which meant literally going through the 
Frankish army on the hill in front of him. Charles's decision to wait in the end proved 
crucial, as it forced the Umayyads to rush uphill, against the grade and the woods, which 
in and of themselves negated a large part of the natural advantages of a cavalry charge.
Charles had been preparing for this confrontation since Toulouse a decade before. He was 
well aware that if he failed, no other Christian force remained able to defend western 
Christianity. But Gibbon believes, as do most pre and modern historians, that Charles had 
made the best of a bad situation. Though outnumbered and depending on infantry, 
without heavy cavalry, Charles had a tough, battle-hardened heavy infantry who believed 
in him implicitly. Morever, as Davis points out, this infantry was heavily armed, each man 
carrying up to perhaps 75 pounds of wood and iron armour into battle. Formed in a 
phalanx, they were better able to resist a cavalry charge than might be conventionally 
thought, especially as Charles had been able to secure them the high ground and trees to 
further aid breaking such charges. Charles also had the element of surprise, in addition 
to being allowed to pick the ground.
The Franks in their wolf and bear pelts were well dressed for the cold, and had the terrain 
advantage. The Arabs were not as prepared for the intense cold of an oncoming northern 
European winter, despite having tents, which the Franks did not, but did not want to 
attack a Frankish army they believed may have been numerically superior. Essentially, 
the Umayyads wanted the Franks to come out in the open, while the Franks, formed in a 
tightly packed defensive formation, wanted them to come uphill, into the trees, 
diminishing at once the advantages of their cavalry. It was a waiting game which Charles 
won: the fight began on the seventh day, as ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân did not want to postpone 
the battle indefinitely with winter approaching.
Engagement
‘Abd-al-Raḥmân trusted the tactical superiority of his cavalry, and had them charge 
repeatedly. This time the faith the Umayyads had in their cavalry, armed with their long 
lances and swords which had brought them victory in previous battles, was not justified.
In one of the instances where medieval infantry stood up against cavalry charges, the 
disciplined Frankish soldiers withstood the assaults, though according to Arab sources, 
the Arab cavalry several times broke into the interior of the Frankish square. "The Muslim 
horsemen dashed fierce and frequent forward against the battalions of the Franks, who 
resisted manfully, and many fell dead on either side."
Despite this, the Franks did not break. It appears that the years of year-round training 
that Charles had bought with Church funds, paid off. His hard-trained soldiery 
accomplished what was not thought possible at that time: infantry withstood the 
Umayyad heavy cavalry. Paul Davis says the core of Charles's army was a professional 
infantry which was both highly disciplined and well motivated, "having campaigned with 
him all over Europe," buttressed by levies that Charles basically used to raid and disrupt 
his enemy, and gather food for his infantry. The Mozarabic Chronicle of 754 says:
"And in the shock of the battle the men of the North seemed like a sea that cannot be 
moved. Firmly they stood, one close to another, forming as it were a bulwark of ice; and 
with great blows of their swords they hewed down the Arabs. Drawn up in a band around 
their chief, the people of the Austrasians carried all before them. Their tireless hands drove 
their swords down to the breasts of the foe."
The battle turns
Those Umayyad troops who had broken into the square had tried to kill Charles, but his 
liege men surrounded him and would not be broken. The battle was still in flux when 
Frankish histories claim that a rumour went through the Umayyad army that Frankish 
scouts threatened the booty that they had taken from Bordeaux. Some of the Umayyad 
troops at once broke off the battle and returned to camp to secure their loot. According 
to Muslim accounts of the battle, in the midst of the fighting on the second day (Frankish 
accounts have the battle lasting one day only), scouts from the Franks sent by Charles 
began to raid the camp and supply train (including slaves and other plunder).
Charles supposedly had sent scouts to cause chaos in the Umayyad base camp, and free 
as many of the slaves as possible, hoping to draw off part of his foe. This succeeded, as 
many of the Umayyad cavalry returned to their camp. To the rest of the Muslim army, 
this appeared to be a full-scale retreat, and soon it became one. Both Western and 
Muslim histories agree that while trying to stop the retreat, ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân became 
surrounded, which led to his death, and the Umayyad troops then withdrew altogether to 
their camp. "All the host fled before the enemy", candidly wrote one Arabic source, "and 
many died in the flight". The Franks resumed their phalanx, and rested in place through 
the night, believing the battle would resume at dawn the following morning.
Following day
The next day, when the Umayyad forces did not renew the battle, the Franks feared an 
ambush. Charles at first believed that the Umayyad forces were trying to lure him down 
the hill and into the open. This tactic he knew he had to resist at all costs; he had in fact 
disciplined his troops for years to under no circumstances break formation and come out 
in the open. (See the Battle of Hastings for the results of infantry being lured into the 
open by armoured cavalry.) Only after extensive reconnaissance of the Umayyad camp 
by Frankish soldiers — which by both historical accounts had been so hastily abandoned 
that even the tents remained, as the Umayyad forces headed back to Iberia with what 
loot remained that they could carry — was it discovered that the Muslims had retreated 
during the night.
Given the disparity between the armies, in that the Franks were mostly infantry, against 
Berber cavalry and armoured or mailed Arab horsemen (the Berbers were less heavily 
protected), Charles Martel fought a brilliant defensive battle. In a place and time of his 
choosing, he met a far superior force, and defeated it.
Contemporary accounts
The Mozarabic Chronicle of 754 "describes the battle in greater detail than any other 
Latin or Arabic source". It says of the encounter that,
While Abd ar-Rahman was pursuing Eudes, he decided to despoil Tours by destroying its 
palaces and burning its churches. There he confronted the consul of Austrasia by the 
name of Charles, a man who, having proved himself to be a warrior from his youth and 
an expert in things military, had been summoned by Eudes. After each side had 
tormented the other with raids for almost seven days, they finally prepared their battle 
lines and fought fiercely. The northern peoples remained as immobile as a wall, holding 
together like a glacier in the cold regions. In the blink of an eye, they annihilated the 
Arabs with the sword. The people of Austrasia, greater in number of soldiers and 
formidably armed, killed the king, Abd ar-Rahman, when they found him, striking him on 
the chest. But suddenly, within sight of the countless tents of the Arabs, the Franks 
despicably sheathed their swords postponing the fight until the next day since night had 
fallen during the battle. Rising from their own camp at dawn, the Europeans saw the 
tents and canopies of the Arabs all arranged just as they had appeared the day before. 
Not knowing that they were empty and thinking that inside them there were Saracen 
forces ready for battle, they sent officers to reconnoitre and discovered that all the 
Ishmaelite troops had left. They had indeed fled silently by night in tight formation, 
returning to their own country.
Wolf (trans), Chronicle of 754, p. 145
Charles Martel's family composed, for the fourth book of the Continuations of Fredegar's 
Chronicle, a stylised summary of the battle:
Prince Charles boldly drew up his battle lines against them [the Arabs] and the warrior 
rushed in against them. With Christ's help he overturned their tents, and hastened to battle 
to grind them small in slaughter. The king Abdirama having been killed, he destroyed 
[them], driving forth the army, he fought and won. Thus did the victor triumph over his 
enemies.
Fouracre,Continuations of Fredegar, p. 149
This source details further that "he (Charles Martel) came down upon them like a great 
man of battle". It goes on to say Charles "scattered them like the stubble".
The references to "rushing in" and "overturning their tents" may allude to the phraseology 
of the Book of Numbers, chapter 24, "where the Spirit of God 'rushed in' to the tents of 
Israel." The Latin word used for "warrior", belligerator, "is also biblical, from the Book of 
Maccabees, chapters 15 and 16, which describe huge battles.
It is thought that Bede's Historiam Ecclesiasticam Gentis Anglorum (Chapter XXIII) 
includes a reference to the Battle of Poitiers: "...a dreadful plague of Saracens ravaged 
France with miserable slaughter, but they not long after in that country received the 
punishment due to their wickedness".
Strategic analysis
‘Abd-al-Raḥmân was a good general and should have done two things he failed to do. 
Gibbon makes the point that he did not move at once against Charles Martel, was 
surprised by him at Tours as Charles had marched over the mountains avoiding the roads 
to surprise the Muslim invaders, and thus the wily Charles selected the time and place 
they would collide:
- ‘Abd-al-Raḥmân either assumed that the Franks would not come to the aid of their 
Aquitanian rivals, or did not care, and he thus failed to assess their strength before 
invasion.
- He failed to scout the movements of the Frankish army, and Charles Martel.
Having done either, he would have curtailed his lighthorse ravaging throughout lower 
Gaul, and marched at once with his full power against the Franks. This strategy would 
have nullified every advantage Charles had at Tours:
The invaders would have not been burdened with booty that played such a huge role in the 
battle.
They would have not lost one warrior in the battles they fought before Tours. (Though they 
lost relatively few men in overrunning Aquitaine, they suffered some casualties, losses that 
may have been pivotal at Tours).
They would have bypassed weaker opponents such as Eudes, whom they could have picked 
off at will later, while moving at once to force battle with the real power in Europe, and at 
least partially picked the battlefield.
While some military historians point out that leaving enemies in your rear is not generally 
wise, the Mongols proved that indirect attack, and bypassing weaker foes to eliminate the 
strongest first, is a devastatingly effective mode of invasion. In this case, those enemies 
were virtually no danger, given the ease with which the Muslims destroyed them. The real 
danger was Charles, and the failure to scout Gaul adequately was disastrous.
According to Creasy, the Muslims' best strategic choice would have been to simply decline 
battle, depart with their loot, garrisoning the captured towns in southern Gaul, and 
return when they could force Charles to a battleground more to their liking, one that 
maximised the huge advantage they had in their mailed and armoured horsemen. It 
might have been different, however, had the Muslim forces remained under control. Both 
western and Muslim histories agree the battle was hard fought, and that the Umayyad 
heavy cavalry had broken into the square, but agreed that the Franks were in formation 
still strongly resisting.
Charles could not afford to stand idly by while Frankish territories were threatened. He 
would have to face the Umayyad armies sooner or later, and his men were enraged by 
the utter devastation of the Aquitanians and wanted to fight. But Sir Edward Creasy 
noted that:
when we remember that Charles had no standing army, and the independent spirit of the 
Frank warriors who followed his standard, it seems most probable that it was not in his 
power to adopt the cautious policy of watching the invaders, and wearing out their strength 
by delay. So dreadful and so widespread were the ravages of the Saracenic light cavalry 
throughout Gaul, that it must have been impossible to restrain for any length of time the 
indignant ardor of the Franks. And, even, if Charles could have persuaded his men to look 
tamely on while the Arabs stormed more towns and desolated more districts, he could not 
have kept an army together when the usual period of a military expedition had expired.
Both Hallam and Watson argue that had Charles failed, there was no remaining force to 
protect Western Europe. Hallam perhaps said it best: "It may justly be reckoned among 
those few battles of which a contrary event would have essentially varied the drama of 
the world in all its subsequent scenes: with Marathon, Arbela, the Metaurus, Châlons and 
Leipzig."
Strategically, and tactically, Charles probably made the best decision he could in waiting 
until his enemies least expected him to intervene, and then marching by stealth to catch 
them by surprise at a battlefield of his choosing. Probably he and his own men did not 
realise the seriousness of the battle they had fought, as Matthew Bennett and his co-
authors, in Fighting Techniques of the Medieval World (2005) says: "few battles are 
remembered 1,000 years after they are fought [...] but the Battle of Tours is an 
exception [...] Charles Martel turned back a Muslim raid that had it been allowed to 
continue, might have conquered Gaul."
Aftermath
Umayyad retreat and second invasion
The Umayyad army retreated south over the Pyrenees. Charles continued to drive the 
Umayyad forces from France in subsequent years. After the death (c. 735) of Eudes, who 
had reluctantly acknowledged Charles' suzerainty in 719, Charles wished to unite Eudes's 
Duchy to himself, and went there to elicit the proper homage of the Aquitainians. But the 
nobility proclaimed Hunold, Eudes' son, as the Duke, and Charles recognised his 
legitimacy when the Umayyads entered Provence as part of an alliance with Duke 
Maurontus the next year. Hunold, who originally resisted acknowledging Charles as 
overlord, soon had little choice. He acknowledged Charles at once as his overlord, and 
Charles confirmed his Duchy, and the two prepared to confront the invaders. Charles 
believed it was vital to confine the Umayyad forces to Iberia and deny them any foothold 
in Gaul, a view many historians share. Therefore he marched at once against the 
invaders, defeating one army outside Arles, which he took by storm and razed the city, 
and defeated the primary invasion force at the Battle of the River Berre, outside 
Narbonne.
Advance to Narbonne
Despite this, the Umayyads remained in control of Narbonne and Septimania for another 
27 years, though they could not expand further. The treaties reached earlier with the 
local population stood firm and were further consolidated in 734 when the governor of 
Narbonne, Yusuf ibn 'Abd al-Rahman al-Fihri, concluded agreements with several towns 
on common defence arrangements against the encroachments of Charles Martel, who 
had systematically brought the south to heel as he extended his domains. He destroyed 
Umayyad armies and fortresses at the Battle of Avignon and the Battle of Nimes. The 
army attempting to relieve Narbonne met him in open battle at the Battle of the River 
Berre and was destroyed, but Charles failed in his attempt to take Narbonne by siege in 
737, when the city was jointly defended by its Muslim Arab and Berber, and its Christian 
Visigothic citizens.
Carolingian dynasty
Reluctant to tie down his army for a siege that could last years, and believing he could 
not afford the losses of an all-out frontal assault such as he had used at Arles, Charles 
was content to isolate the few remaining invaders in Narbonne and Septimania. The 
threat of invasion was diminished after the Umayyad defeat at Narbonne, and the unified 
Caliphate would collapse into civil war in 750 at the Battle of the Zab. It was left to 
Charles' son, Pippin the Short, to force Narbonne's surrender in 759, thus bringing 
Narbonne into the Frankish domains. The Umayyad dynasty was expelled, driven back to 
Al-Andalus where Abd ar-Rahman I established an emirate in Cordoba in opposition to 
the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad. The threat posed by the Arab heavy cavalry also receded 
as the Christians copied the Arab model in developing similar forces of their own, giving 
rise to the familiar figure of the western European medieval armoured knight.
Charles's grandson, Charlemagne, became the first Christian ruler to begin what would 
be called the Reconquista from Europe. In the northeast of Spain the Frankish emperors 
established the Marca Hispanica across the Pyrenees in part of what today is Catalonia, 
reconquering Girona in 785 and Barcelona in 801. This formed a buffer zone against 
Muslim lands across the Pyrenees. Historian J.M. Roberts said in 1993 of the Carolingian 
Dynasty:
"It produced Charles Martel, the soldier who turned the Arabs back at Tours, and the 
supporter of Saint Boniface the Evangeliser of Germany. This is a considerable double mark 
to have left on the history of Europe."
The last Umayyad invasions of Gaul
In 735, the new governor of al-Andalus again invaded Gaul. Antonio Santosuosso and 
other historians detail how the new governor of Al-Andalus, 'Uqba b. Al-Hajjaj, again 
moved into France to avenge the defeat at Poitiers and to spread Islam. Santosuosso 
notes that 'Uqba b. Al-Hajjaj converted about 2,000 Christians he captured over his 
career. In the last major attempt at forcible invasion of Gaul through Iberia, a sizable 
invasion force was assembled at Saragossa and entered what is now French territory in 
735, crossed the River Rhone and captured and looted Arles. From there, he struck into 
the heart of Provence, ending with the capture of Avignon, despite strong resistance. 
Uqba b. Al-Hajjaj's forces remained in French territory for about four years, carrying 
raids to Lyons, Burgundy, and Piedmont. Again Charles Martel came to the rescue, 
reconquering most of the lost territories in two campaigns in 736 and 739, except for the 
city of Narbonne, which finally fell in 759. Alessandro Santosuosso strongly argues that 
the second (Umayyad) expedition was probably more dangerous than the first. The 
second expedition's failure put an end to any serious Muslim expedition across the 
Pyrenees, although raids continued. Plans for further large-scale attempts were hindered 
by internal turmoil in the Umayyad lands which often made enemies out of their own 
kind.
Historical and macrohistorical views
The historical views of this battle fall into three great phases, both in the East and 
especially in the West. Western historians, beginning with the Mozarabic Chronicle of 754, 
stressed the macrohistorical impact of the battle, as did the Continuations of Fredegar. 
This became a claim that Charles had literally saved Christianity, as Gibbon and his 
generation of historians agreed that the Battle of Tours was unquestionably decisive in 
world history.
Modern historians have essentially fallen into two camps on the issue. The first camp 
essentially agrees with Gibbon, and the other argues that the Battle has been massively 
overstated, turned from a raid in force to an invasion, and from a mere annoyance to the 
Caliph to a shattering defeat that helped end the Islamic Expansion Era. It is essential 
however, to note that within the first group, those who agree the Battle was of 
macrohistorical importance, there are a number of historians who take a more moderate 
and nuanced approach to supporting the battle's importance, rather than the more 
dramatic rhetoric of Gibbon. The best example of this school is William E. Watson, who 
does believe the battle has such importance, as will be specifically discussed below, but 
analyzes it militarily, culturally and politically, rather than seeing it as a classic "Muslim 
versus Christian" confrontation.
In the East, Arab histories followed a similar path. First, the battle was regarded as a 
disastrous defeat, then it faded essentially from Arab histories, leading to a modern 
dispute which regards it as either a secondary loss to the great defeat of the Second 
Siege of Constantinople or a part of a series of great macrohistorical defeats which 
together brought about the fall of the first Caliphate. Essentially, many modern Muslim 
scholars argue that the first Caliphate was a jihadist state which could not withstand an 
end to its constant expansion.  With the Byzantines and Franks both successfully blocking 
further expansion, internal social troubles came to a head, starting with the Great Berber 
Revolt of 740, and ending with the Battle of the Zab, and the destruction of the Umayyad 
Caliphate.
In Western history
The first wave of real "modern" historians, especially scholars on Rome and the medieval 
period, such as Edward Gibbon, contended that had Charles fallen, the Umayyad 
Caliphate would have easily conquered a divided Europe. Gibbon famously observed:
A victorious line of march had been prolonged above a thousand miles from the rock of 
Gibraltar to the banks of the Loire; the repetition of an equal space would have carried the 
Saracens to the confines of Poland and the Highlands of Scotland; the Rhine is not more 
impassable than the Nile or Euphrates, and the Arabian fleet might have sailed without a 
naval combat into the mouth of the Thames. Perhaps the interpretation of the Koran would 
now be taught in the schools of Oxford, and her pulpits might demonstrate to a circumcised 
people the sanctity and truth of the revelation of Mahomet.
Nor was Gibbon alone in lavishing praise on Charles as the savior of Christiandom and 
western civilisation. H.G. Wells in his A Short History of the World said in Chapter XLV 
"The Development of Latin Christendom:"
The Moslim when they crossed the Pyrenees in 720 found this Frankish kingdom under the 
practical rule of Charles Martel, the Mayor of the Palace of a degenerate descendant of 
Clovis, and experienced the decisive defeat of Poitiers (732) at his hands. This Charles 
Martel was practically overlord of Europe north of the Alps from the Pyrenees to Hungary. 
He ruled over a multitude of subordinate lords speaking French-Latin, and High and Low 
German languages.
Gibbon was echoed a century later by the Belgian historian Godefroid Kurth, who wrote 
that the Battle of Poitiers "must ever remain one of the great events in the history of the 
world, as upon its issue depended whether Christian Civilisation should continue or Islam 
prevail throughout Europe."
German historians were especially ardent in their praise of Charles Martel; Schlegel 
speaks of this "mighty victory", and tells how "the arm of Charles Martel saved and 
delivered the Christian nations of the West from the deadly grasp of all-destroying 
Islam." Creasy quotes Leopold von Ranke's opinion that this period was:
One of the most important epochs in the history of the world, the commencement of the 
eighth century, when on the one side Mohammedanism threatened to overspread Italy and 
Gaul, and on the other the ancient idolatry of Saxony and Friesland once more forced its 
way across the Rhine. In this peril of Christian institutions, a youthful prince of Germanic 
race, Karl Martell, arose as their champion, maintained them with all the energy which the 
necessity for self-defence calls forth, and finally extended them into new regions.
The German military historian Hans Delbruck said of this battle "there was no more 
important battle in the history of the world." (The Barbarian Invasions, page 441.) Had 
Charles Martel failed, Henry Hallam argued, there would have been no Charlemagne, no 
Holy Roman Empire or Papal States; all these depended upon Charles's containment of 
Islam from expanding into Europe while the Caliphate was unified and able to mount 
such a conquest. Another great mid era historian, Thomas Arnold, ranked the victory of 
Charles Martel even higher than the victory of Arminius in its impact on all of modern 
history: "Charles Martel's victory at Tours was among those signal deliverances which 
have affected for centuries the happiness of mankind." Louis Gustave and Charles 
Strauss in Moslem and Frank; or, Charles Martel and the rescue of Europe said "The 
victory gained was decisive and final, The torrent of Arab conquest was rolled back and 
Europe was rescued from the threatened yoke of the Saracens." (page 122)
Charles Oman, in his History of the Art of War in the Middle Ages, concludes that:
At Poitiers the Franks fought as they had done two hundred years before at Casilinum, in 
one solid mass, without breaking rank or attempting to maneuver. Their victory was won by 
the purely defensive tactics of the infantry square; the fanatical Arabs, dashing against 
them time after time, were shattered to pieces, and at last fled under shelter of night. But 
there was no pursuit, for Charles had determined not to allow his men to stir a step from 
the line to chase the broken foe. [I, 58]
Adolf Hitler says in Hitler's Table Talk (August 28, 1942, midday):
Had Charles Martel not been victorious at Poitiers -already, you see, the world had already 
fallen into the hands of the Jews, so gutless a thing Christianity! -then we should in all 
probability have been converted to Mohammedanism, that cult which glorifies the heroism 
and which opens up the seventh Heaven to the bold warrior alone. Then the Germanic 
races would have conquered the world. Christianity alone prevented them from doing so."
John H. Haaren says in Famous Men of the Middle Ages:
The battle of Tours, or Poitiers, as it should be called, is regarded as one of the decisive 
battles of the world. It decided that Christians, and not Moslems, should be the ruling 
power in Europe. Charles Martel is especially celebrated as the hero of this battle.” John 
Bagnell Bury, writing at the beginning of the 20th century, said "The Battle of Tours… has 
often been represented as an event of the first magnitude for the world’s history, because 
after this, the penetration of Islam into Europe was finally brought to a standstill.
But, as will be seen below, today’s historians are very clearly divided on the importance 
of the battle, and where it should rank in the signal moments of military history.
In Muslim history
Eastern historians, like their Western counterparts, have not always agreed on the 
importance of the battle. According to Bernard Lewis, "The Arab historians, if they 
mention this engagement [the Battle of Tours] at all, present it as a minor skirmish," and 
Gustave von Grunebaum writes: "This setback may have been important from the 
European point of view, but for Muslims at the time, who saw no master plan imperilled 
thereby, it had no further significance." Contemporary Arab and Muslim historians and 
chroniclers were much more interested in the second Umayyad siege of Constantinople in 
718, which ended in a disastrous defeat.
However, Creasy has claimed: "The enduring importance of the battle of Tours in the 
eyes of the Moslems is attested not only by the expressions of 'the deadly battle' and 'the 
disgraceful overthrow' which their writers constantly employ when referring to it, but also 
by the fact that no more serious attempts at conquest beyond the Pyrenees were made 
by the Saracens."
Thirteenth-century Moroccan author Ibn Idhari al-Marrakushi, mentioned the battle in his 
history of the Maghrib, "al-Bayan al-Mughrib fi Akhbar al-Maghrib." According to Ibn 
Idhari, "Abd ar-Rahman and many of his men found martyrdom on the balat ash-
Shuhada'i ("the path of the martyrs)." Antonio Santosuosso points out in his book 
Barbarians, Marauders and Infidels: The Ways of Medieval Warfare, on p. 126 "they (the 
Muslims) called the battle's location, the road between Poitiers and Tours, "the pavement 
of Martyrs." However, as Henry Coppée has explained, "The same name was given to the 
battle of Toulouse and is applied to many other fields on which the Moslemah were 
defeated: they were always martyrs for the faith"
Khalid Yahya Blankinship has argued that the military defeat at Tours was amongst one of 
the failures that contributed to the decline of the Umayyad caliphate: "Stretching from 
Morocco to China, the Umayyad caliphate based its expansion and success on the 
doctrine of jihad--armed struggle to claim the whole earth for God's rule, a struggle that 
had brought much material success for a century but suddenly ground to a halt followed 
by the collapse of the ruling Umayyad dynasty in 750 AD. The End of the Jihad State 
demonstrates for the first time that the cause of this collapse came not just from internal 
conflict, as has been claimed, but from a number of external and concurrent factors that 
exceeded the caliphate's capacity to respond. These external factors began with crushing 
military defeats at Byzantium, Toulouse and Tours, which led to the Great Berber Revolt 
of 740 in Iberia and Northern Africa."
Current historical debate on macrohistorical impact of Battle of Tours
Some modern historians argue that the Battle of Tours was of no great historical 
significance while others continue to contend that Charles Martel's victory was important 
in European or even world history.
Supporting the significance of Tours as a world-altering event
William E. Watson, strongly supports Tours as a macrohistorical event, but distances 
himself from the rhetoric of Gibbons and Drubeck, writing, for example, of the battle's 
importance in Frankish, and world, history in 1993:
There is clearly some justification for ranking Tours-Poitiers among the most significant 
events in Frankish history when one considers the result of the battle in light of the 
remarkable record of the successful establishment by Muslims of Islamic political and 
cultural dominance along the entire eastern and southern rim of the former Christian, 
Roman world. The rapid Muslim conquest of Palestine, Syria, Egypt and the North African 
coast all the way to Morocco in the seventh century resulted in the permanent imposition 
by force of Islamic culture onto a previously Christian and largely non-Arab base. The 
Visigothic kingdom fell to Muslim conquerors in a single battle on the Rio Barbate in 711, 
and the Hispanic Christian population took seven long centuries to regain control of the 
Iberian peninsula. The Reconquista, of course, was completed in 1492, only months before 
Columbus received official backing for his fateful voyage across the Atlantic Ocean. Had 
Charles Martel suffered at Tours-Poitiers the fate of King Roderick at the Rio Barbate, it is 
doubtful that a "do-nothing" sovereign of the Merovingian realm could have later succeeded 
where his talented major domus had failed. Indeed, as Charles was the progenitor of the 
Carolingian line of Frankish rulers and grandfather of Charlemagne, one can even say with 
a degree of certainty that the subsequent history of the West would have proceeded along 
vastly different currents had ‘Abd ar-Rahman been victorious at Tours-Poitiers in 732.
Watson adds, "After examining the motives for the Muslim drive north of the Pyrenees, 
one can attach a macrohistorical significance to the encounter between the Franks and 
Andalusi Muslims at Tours-Poitiers, especially when one considers the attention paid to 
the Franks in Arabic literature and the successful expansion of Muslims elsewhere in the 
medieval period."
Victorian writer John Henry Haaren says in Famous Men of the Middle Ages, "The battle 
of Tours, or Poitiers, as it should be called, is regarded as one of the decisive battles of 
the world. It decided that Christians, and not Moslems, should be the ruling power in 
Europe." Bernard Grun delivers this assessment in his "Timetables of History," reissued in 
2004: "In 732 Charles Martel's victory over the Arabs at the Battle of Tours stems the 
tide of their westward advance.”
Historian and humanist Michael Grant lists the battle of Tours in the macrohistorical dates 
of the Roman era. Historian Norman Cantor who specialised in the medieval period, 
teaching and writing at Columbia and New York University, says in 1993: "It may be true 
that the Arabs had now fully extended their resources and they would not have 
conquered France, but their defeat (at Tours) in 732 put a stop to their advance to the 
north."
Military historian Robert W. Martin considers Tours "one of the most decisive battles in all 
of history." Additionally, historian Hugh Kennedy says "it was clearly significant in 
establishing the power of Charles Martel and the Carolingians in France, but it also had 
profound consequences in Muslim Spain. It signaled the end of the ghanima (booty) 
economy."
Military Historian Paul Davis argued in 1999, "had the Muslims been victorious at Tours, it 
is difficult to suppose what population in Europe could have organised to resist them." 
Likewise, George Bruce in his update of Harbottle's classic military history Dictionary of 
Battles maintains that "Charles Martel defeated the Moslem army effectively ending 
Moslem attempts to conquer western Europe."
Antonio Santosuosso puts forth an interesting modern opinion on Charles, Tours, and the 
subsequent campaigns against Rahman's son in 736-737. Santosuosso presents a 
compelling case that these later defeats of invading Muslim armies were at least as 
important as Tours in their defence of Western Christendom and the preservation of 
Western monasticism, the monasteries of which were the centers of learning which 
ultimately led Europe out of her Middle Ages. He also makes a compelling argument, 
after studying the Arab histories of the period, that these were clearly armies of invasion, 
sent by the Caliph not just to avenge Tours, but to begin the conquest of Christian 
Europe and bring it into the Caliphate.
Objecting to the significance of Tours as a world-altering event
Other historians disagree with this assessment. Alessandro Barbero writes, "Today, 
historians tend to play down the significance of the battle of Poitiers, pointing out that 
the purpose of the Arab force defeated by Charles Martel was not to conquer the Frankish 
kingdom, but simply to pillage the wealthy monastery of St-Martin of Tours". Similarly, 
Tomaž Mastnak writes:
Modern historians have constructed a myth presenting this victory as having saved 
Christian Europe from the Muslims. Edward Gibbon, for example, called Charles Martel the 
savior of Christendom and the battle near Poitiers an encounter that changed the history of 
the world... This myth has survived well into our own times... Contemporaries of the battle, 
however, did not overstate its significance. The continuators of Fredegar's chronicle, who 
probably wrote in the mid-eighth century, pictured the battle as just one of many military 
encounters between Christians and Saracens - moreover, as only one in a series of wars 
fought by Frankish princes for booty and territory... One of Fredegar's continuators 
presented the battle of Poitiers as what it really was: an episode in the struggle between 
Christian princes as the Carolingians strove to bring Aquitaine under their rule.
The Christian Lebanese-American historian Philip Hitti believes that "In reality nothing 
was decided on the battlefield of Tours. The Moslem wave, already a thousand miles from 
its starting point in Gibraltar - to say nothing about its base in al-Qayrawan - had already 
spent itself and reached a natural limit."
The view that the battle has no great significance is perhaps best summarised by Franco 
Cardini says in Europe and Islam:
Although prudence needs to be exercised in minimising or 'demythologising' the 
significance of the event, it is no longer thought by anyone to have been crucial. The 'myth' 
of that particular military engagement survives today as a media cliché, than which nothing 
is harder to eradicate. It is well known how the propaganda put about by the Franks and 
the papacy glorified the victory that took place on the road between Tours and Poitiers...
In their introduction to The Reader's Companion to Military History Robert Cowley and 
Geoffrey Parker summarise this side of the modern view of the Battle of Tours by saying 
“The study of military history has undergone drastic changes in recent years. The old 
drums-and-bugles approach will no longer do. Factors such as economics, logistics, 
intelligence, and technology receive the attention once accorded solely to battles and 
campaigns and casualty counts. Words like "strategy" and "operations" have acquired 
meanings that might not have been recognizable a generation ago. Changing attitudes 
and new research have altered our views of what once seemed to matter most. For 
example, several of the battles that Edward Shepherd Creasy listed in his famous 1851 
book The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World rate hardly a mention here, and the 
confrontation between Muslims and Christians at Poitiers-Tours in 732, once considered a 
watershed event, has been downgraded to a raid in force."
Conclusion
A number of modern historians and writers in other fields agree with Watson, and 
continue to maintain that this Battle was one of history's pivotal events. Professor of 
religion Huston Smith says in The World's Religions: Our Great Wisdom Traditions "But 
for their defeat by Charles Martel in the Battle of Tours in 733, the entire Western world 
might today be Muslim." Historian Robert Payne on page 142 in "The History of Islam" 
said "The more powerful Muslims and the spread of Islam were knocking on Europe’s 
door. And the spread of Islam was stopped along the road between the towns of Tours 
and Poitiers, France, with just its head in Europe."
Popular conservative military historian Victor Davis Hanson shares his view about the 
battle's macrohistorical placement:
Recent scholars have suggested Poitiers, so poorly recorded in contemporary sources, was 
a mere raid and thus a construct of western mythmaking or that a Muslim victory might 
have been preferable to continued Frankish dominance. What is clear is that Poitiers 
marked a general continuance of the successful defence of Europe, (from the Muslims). 
Flush from the victory at Tours, Charles Martel went on to clear southern France from 
Islamic attackers for decades, unify the warring kingdoms into the foundations of the 
Carolingian Empire, and ensure ready and reliable troops from local estates."
Paul Davis, another modern historian who addresses both sides in the debate over 
whether or not this Battle truly determined the direction of history, as Watson claims, or 
merely was a relatively minor raid, as Cardini writes, says "whether Charles Martel saved 
Europe for Christianity is a matter of some debate. What is sure, however, is that his 
victory ensured that the Franks would dominate Gaul for more than a century."

