# 1.22 European Crusader heroes, champions, legends

> 原文页码: 240-243

1.22 European Crusader heroes, champions, legends
The Twelfth Viking 
By Baron Bodissey
At the Battle of Poitiers in 732, the Frankish king Charles Martel defeated the Saracens 
and pushed the forces of Islam back into the Iberian Peninsula. It was not until 1492 that 
the Moors were finally thrown out of Europe, but in the meantime the Islamic virus was 
contained in Spain and Portugal, and thus kept out of the heart of Western Europe.
One of Charles Martel’s comrades-in-arms at Poitiers was a warrior of the North known as 
Ogier le Danois, later Holger Danske, or Holger the Dane. Although Holger was a 
historical figure, little is known of him, and most of the written material about him is 
drawn from legend.
According to the chroniclers, Holger had previously done battle with the Franks over their 
incursions into Danish territory. But in 732 the menace of the Saracens forced him to set 
aside his differences with Charles Martel and journey southwards to fight side-by-side 
with the Frankish forces against the common enemy.
At the end of his days, Holger, like King Arthur, retired to a secluded keep to enter a 
twilight sleep from which he will awake in the hour of his country’s need. The location 
most frequently cited for Holger’s rest is Kronborg castle at Helsingør (or “Elsinore”, per 
Shakespeare).
Hans Christian Andersen has distilled the popular form of the ancient tale into one of his 
stories:
Translation from Danish: 
But the fairest sight of all is the old castle of Kronborg, and under it sits Holger Danske in 
the deep, dark cellar which no one enters; he is clad in iron and steel and rests his head on 
his stalwart arm; his long beard hangs down upon the marble table where it has become 
stuck fast; he sleeps and dreams, but in his dreams he sees everything that comes to pass 
in Denmark. Every Christmas Eve an angel of God comes to tell him that all he has 
dreamed is true, and that he may go to back to sleep again, for Denmark is not yet in any 
danger! but if it should ever come, then old Holger Danske will rouse himself, and the table 
will break apart as he pulls out his beard! Then he will come forth, and strike a blow that 
shall be heard throughout all the countries of the world.
Now, if even a trace of the blood of the Men of the North runs in your veins, or if you 
have lived long enough among them to have acquired some of their spirit, the hair on the 
back of your neck will rise when you read these words, and you will say, “Yes! This is the 
hero, the man who will defend us during the troubles that are surely coming.”
Holger Danske has put me in mind of my favourite English poet, Ted Hughes.
Hughes was a Yorkshireman, and the blood of the Danes runs thick in the veins of 
Yorkshire. Especially in the North Riding — the closer one gets to Whitby, the more 
natural blond hair in evidence, and the more obvious the Danish place names.
Ted Hughes wrote a number of poems that touched on the Men of the North, and I’ve 
collected some samples below. Warning to our Danish readers: this is modern poetic 
English! It may try your skills a bit, but your efforts will be rewarded. I made my way 
through the Holger story in Danish, so fair is fair; now it’s your turn.
First sample:
The Warriors of the North
Bringing their frozen swords, their salt-bleached eyes,
        
their salt-bleached hair,
The snow’s stupefied anvils in rows,
Bringing their envy,
The slow ships feelered Southward, snails
       
over the steep sheen of the water-globe.
Thawed at the red and black disgorging of abbeys,
The bountiful, cleft casks,
The fluttering bowels of the women of dead burghers,
And the elaborate, patient gold of the Gaels.
To no end
But this timely expenditure of themselves,
A cash-down, beforehand revenge, with extra,
For the gruelling relapse and prolongueur of their blood
Into the iron arteries of Calvin.
And another one:
Thistles
Against the rubber tongues of cows and
        
the hoeing hands of men
Thistles spike the summer air
And crackle open under a blue-black pressure.
Every one a revengeful burst
Of resurrection, a grasped fistful
Of splintered weapons and Icelandic frost thrust up
From the underground stain of a decayed Viking.
They are like pale hair and the gutturals of dialects.
Every one manages a plume of blood.
Then they grow grey, like men.
Mown down, it is a feud. Their sons appear,
Stiff with weapons, fighting back over the same ground.
The third section of Ted Hughes’ “Gog” evokes Holger the most strongly. This is a deep, 
dark, and difficult poem, and parts of it are not suitable for family reading. It deals with 
the lifelong and ultimately futile efforts of Everyman to escape from the softness and 
weakness of his mother and establish his own manhood without being sucked in and 
corrupted by the softness and weakness of his wife.
This is the opening stanza:
Gog (Part III)
Out through the dark archway of earth, under the ancient lintel overwritten with roots, Out 
between the granite jambs, gallops the hooded horseman of iron. Out of the wound-gash in 
the earth, the horseman mounts, shaking his plumes clear of dark soil. Out of the blood-
dark womb, gallops bowed the horseman of iron, The blood-crossed Knight, the Holy 
Warrior, hooded with iron, the seraph of the bleak edge, Gallops along the world’s ridge in 
moonlight.
We all know about the Twelfth Imam, the super-bad Muslim guy at the bottom of the well 
in Persia. When Armageddon arrives, when Gog grapples with Magog and battle rages 
across the plain at Megiddo, the Twelfth Imam will awaken and lead the armies of Islam 
to their final victory, establishing the kingdom of Allah here on Earth.
Forget the Twelfth Imam.
We’ve got our own dude sitting on the bench. Call him the Twelfth Viking. He’s suited up, 
ready to join the contest as soon as he’s required.
The Men of the North form the core of the Counterjihad. They are already in action, 
clearing the back alleys of Anbar Province, riding point in Kabul, and forming up in self-
organised groups to defend our borders.
As I’ve said before, it’s not race that’s the issue here, it’s culture. The culture of the 
Danes, the Norsemen, the English, and the Celts. The culture of the hardy and self-
reliant Men of the North, always ready to defend their ancient liberties with a ferocity 
that their enemies can scarcely imagine. The culture of productive enterprise and armed 
self-determination that has spread to all corners of the globe.
Holger Danske is the man who best represents us. He’ll be there in the hour of our 
greatest need.
The Twelfth Viking — I can see his eyelids fluttering even now…
Source:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/12/twelfth-viking.html
European Odinist and Crusader heroes resisting and fighting Islamisation: 
France, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg
Charles Martel: Hero and Protector of Europe, more specifically France and Benelux: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Martel 
France
Pope Urban II: French born Pope and Crusader hero on behalf of Europe and 
Christendom. Pope Urban II is a relatively unknown hero in France but he was one of the 
greatest Crusader heroes of all times. He was born Otho de Lagery (ca.1035 – 29 July 
1099) in Lagery, County of Champagne, France.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Urban_II
Poland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania
John III Sobieski: Crusader and Hero of Poland and the Baltics
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_III_Sobieski 
Britain - England
Richard I of England (Richard the Lion Hearted/Lionheart): Crusader and Hero of 
England
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_I_of_England
Serbia
Stefan Lazar Hrebeljanović: Crusader and Hero of the Serbs
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazar_of_Serbia
Serbia, Bulgaria, Macedonia
Marko Kraljevic: Crusader and Hero of the Serbs, Bulgarians and Macedonians: 
http://markokraljevic.uzice.net/index.htm
Spain, Portugal
St. James the Moorslayer: Crusader and Hero of the Spaniards and Portuguese: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_the_Greater 
Spain
Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar (El Cid Campeador): Crusader and Hero of the Spaniards: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Cid_Campeador
Denmark
Holger Danske (Ogier the Dane): Mythical Odinist Hero of the Scandinavians 
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/12/twelfth-viking.html 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ogier_the_Dane
Norway, Sweden, Iceland
Sigurd the Crusader (Sigurd Jorsalfare/Sigurd I Magnusson): Sigurd I Magnusson is not 
a widely celebrated figure in Scandinavia and therefore a rather unknown hero. He was 
however the greatest and most important Crusader heroe in the region and participated 

