# 1.23 Western vs. Islamic Science and Religion

> 原文页码: 244-252

in the liberation of a few Christian cities in Spain and the Middle East from Muslim 
occupation.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigurd_Jorsalfare 
http://omacl.org/Heimskringla/crusaders.html
Romania
Vlad Tepes/Vlad III the Impaler: Crusader and Hero of the Romanians: 
Vlad the Impaler was a genius of psychological warfare. His legacy deserve to be studied 
in modern-days schools of PR, political sciences, military, social psychology etc . Like any 
other ruler, he had two enemies: internal disorder or treason and external Islamic 
agressors threatening his country. He managed to defeat his external enemies, using 
same level of cruelty like any other ruler of his times, but he was a real master of 
STAGING the cruelty to obtain maximum effect. He was the greatest master of 
imagology, hundreds of years before this science to be discovered and theorised. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vlad_III_Dracula 
Italy
Lottario dei Conti di Segni  (Pope Innocent III): Italian Pope and Crusader hero for 
Italy, Europe and Christendom. Pope Innocent III is not a widely celebrated figure in Italy 
and therefore a rather unknown hero. He was however one of the greatest and most 
important Crusader heroes of all times. He was born Lottario dei Conti di Segni in 1160 
or 1161 - 16 July 1216 in Gavignano near Anagni in Italy. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Innocent_III
Christian Albania
George Castriota (Skanderbeg) - Crusader and Hero of the Christian Albanians: 
http://www.heraldica.org/topics/national/albania.htm Often referred to under his Islamic 
name Skanderbeg by PC sources.
Overview needed of national crusader heroes from the rest of the European nations.
1.23 Western vs. Islamic Science and Religion
By Fjordman
I've read quite a few books on the history of science. One of them is The Beginnings of 
Western Science by David C. Lindberg, who has also written the book Theories of vision 
– From al-Kindi to Kepler, which I will quote more extensively from later this fall when 
publishing a multipart essay on the history of optics. Lindberg is a good scholar and well 
worth reading, but has a few minor flaws. 
Chapter eight in the second edition of his book about the history of science is titled 
"Islamic science." Mr. Lindberg is not alone in employing this term, but I am not 
personally in favor of it. Nobody talks about "Buddhist science" or "Christian science," so 
I so no reason why we should use the term "Islamic science," either. It is misleading, 
since whatever existed of science in countries under Islamic rule relied heavily on 
contributions of non-Muslims and pre-Islamic knowledge. Some use the term "Arab 
science" instead, but this is hardly much better, since among those who were at least 
nominally Muslims, a disproportionate amount were Persians, not Arabs. Which term 
should we use, then? "Middle Eastern science" could be one possibility, as it puts 
emphasis on the region but not on the religion.
I don't think David C. Lindberg provides a full explanation of why the scientific tradition in 
the Islamic world stagnated, despite some promising beginnings. Those who want a 
better understanding of this can check out The Rise of Early Modern Science: Islam, 
China and the West by Toby E. Huff. This can be supplemented with the work of Edward 
Grant, for instance chapter eight "Relations between science and religion" in Science and 
Religion, 400 B.C. to A.D. 1550: From Aristotle to Copernicus. I will quote this book by 
Grant, and to a lesser extent Huff's book, extensively in this essay, and will include page 
references to each quote so that others can use the material if they want to. 
By the end of eleventh century, Western Europeans were aware that both Muslims and 
Byzantines had access to philosophical and scientific texts that they did not have. After 
the capture of Toledo, Spain and Sicily from the Muslims in 1085 and 1091, respectively, 
a number of scholars translated Greek and Arabic texts, but tended to prefer the Greek 
ones because Greek was a related Indo-European language, which Arabic was not. A 
large number of the works which existed in Arabic were originally translations from Greek 
themselves, and it would obviously make more sense to copy directly from the Greek in 
Constantinople since a more precise rendering could be made, with fewer 
misinterpretations than from Arabic. The result was a major movement of translations 
from the twelfth century until the second half of the thirteenth century. 
Many works in optics, astronomy, medicine and mathematics were translated, but it was 
Aristotle's work on natural philosophy that had the greatest impact. The two greatest 
translators from Greek to Latin were James of Venice (d. after AD 1147), the first major 
translator of Aristotle's works from Greek to Latin, and the Flemish scholar William of 
Moerbeke (c. AD 1215-c. 1286), who was the last. According to Edward Grant, page 166: 
"William of Moerbeke translated at least forty-eight treatises, including seven on 
mathematics and mechanics by Archimedes, translated for the first time into Latin (Grant 
1974, 39-41; Minio-Paluello 1974, 436-438). His Aristotelian translations are truly 
impressive. He was the first to translate Aristotle's biological works from Greek into Latin. 
In translating the rest of Aristotle's natural philosophy, Moerbeke found it useful to revise, 
expand, and even complete some earlier translations, including revisions of at least three 
treatises previously translated by James of Venice. In addition, Moerbeke translated Greek 
commentaries on Aristotle's works from late antiquity. Thus, he translated John Philoponus' 
Commentary on the Soul, and Simplicius' Commentary on the Heavens. One of the earliest 
beneficiaries of Moerbeke's translations was Thomas Aquinas." 
Grant continues on page 167: 
"With Moerbeke's monumental contributions, all of Aristotle's natural philosophy was 
available by the last quarter of the thirteenth century in translations from Greek and Arabic. 
Although many scientific works were translated from Arabic to Latin in the first half of the 
twelfth century by such translators as Plato of Tivoli, Adelard of Bath, Robert of Chester, 
Hermann of Carinthia, Dominicus Gundissalinus, Peter Alfonso, John of Seville, and others, 
the earliest translations of Aristotle's works on natural philosophy appear to have occurred 
in Spain in the latter half of the twelfth century. By far the most prominent translator of 
Aristotle's works on natural philosophy was Gerard of Cremona (c. A.D. 1114-1187), the 
most prolific translator from Arabic to Latin of works on science, medicine, and natural 
philosophy." 
Gerard of Cremona and those associated with him translated dozens of works from Arabic 
to Latin, among them probably Alhazen's book on Optics, which could not have been 
translated from Greek since it did not exist in Greek. It is thus true that there were 
translations from Arabic and that some of these did have some impact in Europe. It 
would be historically inaccurate to claim otherwise. But although this translation 
movement was significant, we should focus at least as much on how these different 
civilisations used this information. 
In this case, we are dealing with an example where three different civilisations, the 
Islamic world, the Christian East (the Byzantine Empire) and the Christian West had 
access to much of the same material, yet where the end results were quite different. I 
have read a lot about the history of mechanical clocks and eyeglasses, both of which 
were invented in Europe in the second half of the thirteenth century AD. These inventions 
had no counterparts in any other civilisation and were important for later scientific and 
technological advances, which often benefited from more accurate timekeeping. The 
creation of microscopes and telescopes was to some degree an extension of the invention 
of eyeglasses and the use of glass lenses. 
I cannot point out any significant piece of information that Europeans had access to at 
this time which Muslims didn't also have access to. If anything, Middle Easterners had 
more knowledge at their disposal since they had regular contacts with the major Asian 
civilisations and could supplement Greek natural philosophy with Indian and Chinese 
inventions. Europeans were prevented from having extensive direct contacts with these 
civilisations because they were geographically isolated from them by a large bloc of 
hostile Muslims. The only possible conclusion why Europeans invented mechanical clocks 
is that they were more efficient and creative than Muslims in using the body of 
information they had at their disposal. Muslims could have done the same, but they 
didn't. They failed, pure and simple. 
The case of the Byzantine Empire is even more puzzling, as Byzantine scholars appear 
not to have taken advantage of the readily available treasure house of science and 
natural philosophy in their native Greek language. The Byzantine Empire was essentially 
a theocracy as the Emperor was regarded as the head of both church and state. 
According to Edward Grant in Science and Religion, page 228: 
"[U]ntil the end of the sixth century, important contributions to natural philosophy were 
made in the Byzantine Empire by a number of commentators on the works of Aristotle, 
such as Alexander of Aphrodisias (fl. 2nd-3rd century A.D.), Themistius (c. A.D. 317-c. 
388), Simplicius, and most important of all, the Christian neo-Platonist John Philoponus, 
whose ideas were destined to have a large impact on both Islamic and Latin natural 
philosophy. But the level of achievement was seriously affected in A.D. 529, when, on 
religious grounds, the emperor Justinian ordered the closing of Plato's Academy in Athens, 
forcing a number of philosophers to depart the Byzantine Empire and move to the East. 
After that natural philosophy and science played a minor role in Byzantine intellectual life. 
This is surprising when we realise that, as compared to their contemporary counterparts in 
Islam and the Latin West, Byzantine scholars were truly fortunate, because their native 
language was Greek. They could read, study, and interpret, without problems of translation, 
all the works available in the Greek language that had accumulated in the Byzantine 
Empire, especially in Constantinople, since the fifth and fourth centuries B.C. Indeed, most 
of our Greek manuscripts come from Byzantium." 
Alhazen, when he made his work on optics, relied heavily on Greek mathematics, 
philosophy and medicine, most of which had initially been translated to Arabic from 
Byzantine manuscripts. Yet there was no Alhazen in Byzantium itself. Grant again, page 
229: 
"It is a paradox of history that the civilisations of Islam and Western Europe contributed 
significantly to the store of human knowledge, using translated works and often lacking 
important earlier texts, while the Byzantines, who had command of the Greek language and 
easy access to the manuscript sources of their great Greek predecessors, failed to capitalise 
on their good fortune." 
There were some brief Byzantine "renaissances." The Empire wasn't static and did an 
invaluable job in preserving older knowledge, but few works of lasting significance were 
produced there during the Middle Ages. I still believe that my conclusion in the online 
essay The Legacy of Byzantium[1], inspired by Timothy Gregory's fascinating book A 
History of Byzantium, was largely correct: 
It is true that the Byzantine Empire has received some bad press. However, scholars 
James E. McClellan III and Harold Dorn sum up the established wisdom in their book 
Science and Technology in World History, second edition, when they state that 
'Byzantium never became a center of significant original science.' It is surely one of 
history's great ironies that the Greco-Roman knowledge that was preserved by the 
Byzantines had a greater impact in the West than it did in the Byzantine Empire itself. 
Although being for centuries at the front lines of Islamic Jihad certainly didn't help, this 
doesn't suffice to explain fully the failure of Byzantium to develop modern science. When 
studying the Byzantine Empire, one cannot help but notice that the separation of church 
and state which took place in the West after the papal revolution never happened there. 
Byzantium remained a somewhat autocratic state, thus in some ways resembling China – 
and perhaps later on Russia - more than Western Europe. The development of 
parliaments, autonomous cities and numerous universities that took place in the Christian 
West did not happen in the Christian East. 
However, also in the Islamic world, Greek logic and natural philosophy was never fully 
accepted, and what initial acceptance there had been was largely nullified by the 
extremely influential Muslim theologian al-Ghazali (1058-1111). Al-Ghazali regarded 
theology and natural philosophy as dangerous to the Islamic faith and was skeptical of 
the concept of mathematical proof. As Edward Grant says, page 238: 
"[Al-Ghazali] included the mathematical sciences within the class of philosophical sciences 
(i.e., mathematics, logic, natural science, theology or metaphysics, politics, and ethics) and 
concluded that a student who studied these sciences would be 'infected with the evil and 
corruption of the philosophers. Few there are who devote themselves to this study without 
being stripped of religion and having the bridle of godly fear removed from their heads' 
(Watt 1953, 34). In his great philosophical work, The Incoherence of the Philosophers, al-
Ghazali attacks ancient philosophy, especially the views of Aristotle. He does so by 
describing and criticising the ideas of al-Farabi and Avicenna, two of the most important 
Islamic philosophical commentators on Aristotle. After criticising their opinions on twenty 
philosophical problems, including the eternality of the world, that God knows only 
universals and not particulars, and that bodies will not be resurrected after death, al-
Ghazali declares: 'All these three theories are in violent opposition to Islam. To believe in 
them is to accuse the prophets of falsehood, and to consider their teachings as a 
hypocritical misrepresentation designed to appeal to the masses. And this is blatant 
blasphemy to which no Muslim sect would subscribe' (al-Ghazali 1963, 249)." 
As Ibn Warraq sums up in his modern classic Why I Am Not a Muslim, "orthodox Islam 
emerged victorious from the encounter with Greek philosophy. Islam rejected the idea 
that one could attain truth with unaided human reason and settled for the unreflective 
comforts of the putatively superior truth of divine revelation. Wherever one decides to 
place the date of this victory of orthodox Islam (perhaps in the ninth century with the 
conversion of al-Ashari, or in the eleventh century with the works of al-Ghazali), it has 
been, I believe, an unmitigated disaster for all Muslims, indeed all mankind."
Al-Ghazali, whose influence cannot be overstated, was a highly orthodox Muslim on 
matters regarding the use of violence against non-Muslims. Here is al-Ghazali on the 
importance of Jihad against the unbelievers, as quoted by Robert Spencer in his excellent 
book Religion of Peace?: Why Christianity Is and Islam Isn't: 
"[O]ne must go on jihad [i.e., warlike razzias or raids] at least once a year...One may use a 
catapult against them [non-Muslims] when they are in a fortress, even if among them are 
women and children. One may set fire to them and/or drown them...If a person of the ahl 
al-kitab [People of the Book] is enslaved, his marriage is [automatically] revoked...One 
may cut down their trees...One must destroy their useless books. Jihadists may take as 
booty whatever they decide...They may steal as much food as they need." 
Another Muslim thinker, the thirteenth century North African Ibn Khaldun, had a 
traditional view of Jihad and shared the deep suspicion of philosophy. Edward Grant, page 
242: 
"Even so enlightened an author as Ibn Khaldun (A.D. 1332-1406) was hostile to philosophy 
and philosophers. On the basis of his great Introduction to History (Muqaddimah), Ibn 
Khaldun is regarded as the first historian to write a world history. According to Franz 
Rosenthal: 'The Muqaddimah was indeed the first large-scale attempt to analyze the group 
relationships that govern human political and social organisation on the basis of 
environmental and psychological factors' (Rosenthal 1973, 321). Despite his brilliance as an 
historian, Ibn Khaldun included a chapter in the Muqaddimah titled 'A refutation of 
philosophy. The corruption of the students of philosophy' (Ibn Khaldun 1958, 3:246-258). 
In this chapter, Ibn Khaldun condemns the opinions of philosophers as wrong and proclaims 
to his fellow Muslims that 'the problems of physics are of no importance for us in our 
religious affairs or our livelihoods. Therefore, we must leave them alone' (Ibn Khaldun 
1958, 3:251-252). He regarded the study of logic as dangerous to the faithful unless they 
were deeply immersed in the Qur'an and the Muslim religious sciences to fortify themselves 
against its methods." 
In my online essay The West, Japan, and Cultural Secondarity[2], I discuss the ideas of 
French thinker Remi Brague as outlined in his book Eccentric Culture: A Theory of 
Western Civilisation. Brague claims that Muslims largely lacked the European instinct for 
self-criticism and appreciation of "the other." They did translate works from Greek and 
other languages like Sanskrit and Persian, but they usually didn't preserve the originals. 
This made "renaissances," the act of going back to the sources to reinterpret them, 
impossible in the Islamic world. He quotes Ibn Khaldun as saying the following in the 
Muqaddimah: 
"(The Muslims) desired to learn the sciences of the (foreign) nations. They made them their 
own through translations. They pressed them into the mold of their own views. They peeled 
off these strange tongues [and made them pass] into their [own] idiom, and surpassed the 
achievements of (the non-Arabs) in them. The manuscripts in the non-Arabic languages 
were forgotten, abandoned, and scattered. All the sciences came to exist in Arabic. The 
systematic works on them were written in (Arabic) writing. Thus, students of the sciences 
needed a knowledge of the meaning of (Arabic) words and (Arabic) writing. They could 
dispense with all other languages, because they had been wiped out and there was no 
longer any interest in them." 
Logic continued to be used as an ancillary subject in scholastic theology (kalam) and in 
many Islamic religious schools, but there was enough hostility toward philosophy to 
prompt philosophers to keep a low profile. Those who taught it often did so privately, not 
within the established institutions. Here is Edward Grant in Science and Religion, page 
239:
"Following the translations in the early centuries of Islam, Greek philosophy, primarily 
Aristotle's, received its strongest support from a number of individuals scattered about the 
Islamic world. As we have already mentioned, al-Kindi, al-Razi, Ibn Sina, and Ibn Rushd 
were among the greatest Islamic philosophers. All were persecuted to some extent. Al-
Kindi's case reveals important aspects of intellectual life in Islam. The first of the Islamic 
commentators on Aristotle, al-Kindi was at first favorably received by two caliphs (al-
Mamun and al-Mutassim), but his luck ran out with al-Mutawwakil, the Sunni caliph 
mentioned earlier. According to Pervez Hoodbhoy, 'It was not hard for the ulema [religious 
scholars] to convince the ruler that the philosopher had very dangerous beliefs. Mutawwakil 
soon ordered the confiscation of the scholar's personal library….But that was not enough. 
The sixty-year-old Muslim philosopher also received fifty lashes before a large crowd which 
had assembled. Observers who recorded the event say the crowd roared approval with 
each stroke' (Hoodbhoy 1991, 111). The other four scholars were also subjected to some 
degree of persecution, and a number of them had to flee for their safety." 
This situation was radically different in the Latin West. There was sporadic opposition to 
the use of reason and one attempt to ban the works of Aristotle at the University of Paris 
in the thirteenth century, but this was of brief duration and eventually failed. There were 
no later attempts to ban the use of logic and natural philosophy per se, although there 
could of course be criticism against specific interpretations. "After the 1240s and for the 
rest of the Middle Ages, attacks on reason would have been regarded as bizarre and 
unacceptable." 
In contrast, Islam is in principle a theocracy in which religion and state form a single 
entity. Islamic schools, or madrasas, generally taught "Islamic science," that is theology, 
Arabic grammar, the Koran and the hadith etc. Greek and other non-Muslim philosophy 
was called "foreign sciences" and was never integrated into the core curriculum. Grant 
again, page 243: 
"[The madrasas] had as their primary mission the teaching of the Islamic religion, and paid 
little attention to the foreign sciences, which, as we saw, were comprised of the science and 
natural philosophy derived ultimately from the Greeks. The analytical subjects derived from 
the Greeks certainly did not have equal status with religious and theological subjects. 
Indeed, the foreign sciences played a rather marginal role in the madrasas, which formed 
the core of Islamic higher education. Only those subjects that illuminated the Qur'an or the 
religious law were taught. One such subject was logic, which was found useful not only in 
semantics but was also regarded as helpful in avoiding simple errors of inference. The 
primary function of the madrasas, however, was 'to preserve learning and defend 
orthodoxy' (Mottahedeh 1985, 91). In Islam, most theologians did not regard natural 
philosophy as a subject helpful to a better understanding of religion. On the contrary, it was 
usually viewed as a subject capable of subverting the Islamic religion and, therefore, as 
potentially dangerous to the faith. Natural philosophy always remained a peripheral 
discipline in the lands of Islam and was never institutionalised within the educational 
system, as it was in Latin Christendom." 
Greek natural philosophy, however, became fully integrated into the university curriculum 
in Europe. As Grant explains, page 244-245: 
"It is important to point out that not only did university-trained theologians fully accept and 
embrace the discipline of natural philosophy, but many, if not most, of them were eager 
and active contributors to the literature of natural philosophy. It is for that reason that it is 
wholly appropriate to call them 'theologian-natural philosophers.' They were equally at 
home in both disciplines and were keen to import as much natural philosophy as they could 
into the resolution of theological problems, while avoiding any temptations to theologise 
natural philosophy. This explains why some medieval theologians can be equated with the 
best of the secular natural philosophers, such as John Buridan and Albert of Saxony. Some 
theologians, such as Albertus Magnus and Nicole Oresme, were clearly superior to them. By 
their actions, theologians in the West were full participants in the development and 
dissemination of natural philosophy. They made it possible for the institutionalisation of 
natural philosophy in the universities of the late Middle Ages, and therefore its extensive 
dissemination. Nothing like this occurred in the Byzantine Empire or in Islam." 
One of the most important advantages Catholic Europe enjoyed during this period was 
the separation between church and state. Edward Grant, page 246-247: 
"[Byzantines and Muslims] paid a heavy price for failing to separate church and state. In 
both societies, Aristotle's natural philosophy was regarded as potentially dangerous 
because it encompassed ideas and concepts that were hostile to both religions, and 
because it was often felt that scholars who focused too much on natural philosophy would 
either neglect religion or come to regard it as inferior to natural philosophy. Islam's failure 
to separate church and state nullified an institutional advantage it had over Western 
Christendom. Where the latter was organised as a centralised, hierarchical religion with a 
single individual – the Pope – holding ultimate power, Islam was a decentralised religion 
with no hierarchical structure. What power there was derived from local religious leaders 
who drew on the support of their fellow Muslims. Under these circumstances, we might 
expect that freedom of inquiry and the cultivation of a vibrant, sustained natural philosophy 
would have been more likely to occur within the decentralised Muslim religion than within 
the highly centralised Catholic Church of Western Europe. As we now know, the reverse 
occurred: the West developed a lively natural philosophy, whereas in Islam natural 
philosophy became a peripheral and suspect discipline, whose study could even prove 
dangerous." 
The European university system had no real equivalent in any other major civilisation in 
the world at the time. As Toby Huff says in his book, page 234: 
"We should also not underestimate the magnitude of the step taken when it was decided (in 
part, following ancient tradition) to make the study of philosophy and all aspects of the 
natural world an official and public enterprise. If this seems a mundane achievement, it is 
due to our Eurocentrism which forgets that the study of the natural sciences and philosophy 
was shunned in the Islamic colleges of the Middle East and that all such inquiries were 
undertaken in carefully guarded private settings. Likewise, in China, there were no 
autonomous institutions of learning independent of the official bureaucracy; the ones that 
existed were completely at the mercy of the centralised state. Nor were philosophers given 
the liberty to define for themselves the realms of learning as occurred in the West."
Edward Grant has been important in bringing to light this role played by the university 
system in preparing the ground for the later Scientific Revolution. As he concludes on 
page 248: 
"Without the separation of church and state, and the developments that proceeded as a 
consequence, the West would not have produced a deeply rooted natural philosophy that 
was disseminated through Europe by virtue of an extensive network of universities, which 
laid the foundation for the great scientific advances made in the sixteenth and seventeenth 
centuries, advances that have continued to the present day." 
For further developments in the Western (but not so much in other) scientific traditions from the 
sixteenth century onward, The Scientists: A History of Science Told Through the Lives of Its 
Greatest Inventors by John Gribbin is fascinating and easy to read. 
Toby E. Huff in his excellent The Rise of Early Modern Science: Islam, China and the West, agrees 
with Grant's assessment of the importance of the university system. Here is Huff, page 344: 
"For a dispassionate examination of the educational backgrounds of major scientists from 
the fifteenth to the seventeenth century shows that the vast majority of them were in fact 
university educated. As John Gascoigne has shown, 'Something like 87% of the European 
scientists born between 1450 and 1650 [who were] thought worthy of inclusion in the 
Dictionary of Scientific Biography were university educated.' More importantly, 'A large 
proportion of this group was not only university educated but held career posts at a 
university.' For the period 1450-1650 this was 45 percent, and for 1450-1550, it was 51 
percent. If one speaks of particular scientists, then one must immediately acknowledge that 
Copernicus, Galileo, Tycho Brahe, Kepler, and Newton were all extraordinary products of the 
apparently procrustean and allegedly Scholastic universities of Europe. In short, 
sociological and historical accounts of the role of the university as an institutional locus for 
science and as an incubator of scientific thought and argument have been vastly 
understated." 
Nothing like this existed in the Islamic world. Universities could only be established in 
Spain and Portugal after these countries had been re-conquered by the Christians. Huff, 
page 212: 
"If Spain had persisted as an Islamic land into the later centuries - say, until the time of 
Napoleon - it would have retained all the ideological, legal, and institutional defects of 
Islamic civilisation. A Spain dominated by Islamic law would have been unable to found 
new universities based on the European model of legally autonomous corporate 
governance, as corporations do not exist in Islamic law. Furthermore, the Islamic model of 
education rested on the absolute primacy of fiqh, of legal studies, and the standard of 
preserving the great traditions of the past. This was symbolically reflected in the ijaza, the 
personal authorisation to transmit knowledge from the past given by a learned man, a 
tradition quite different from the West's group-administered certification (through 
examination) of demonstrated learning. In the actual event, the founding of Spanish 
universities in the thirteenth century, first in Palencia (1208-9), Valladolid, Salamanca 
(1227-8), and so on, occurred in long-established Christian areas, and the universities were 
modeled after the constitutions of Paris and Bologna." 
There is also an important theological aspect here in that Muslims generally viewed God 
as unpredictable, whereas both Christians and Jews could more easily view God as 
predictable, having created the world according to logical natural laws which could be 
uncovered and understood by humans. Toby E. Huff, page 116: 
"In short, the European medievals had fashioned an image of man that was so imbued with 
reason and rationality that philosophical and theological speculation became breathtaking 
spheres of inquiry whose outcomes were far from predictable, or orthodox - to the 
consternation of all. Furthermore, this theological and philosophical speculation was taking 
place within the citadels of Western learning, that is, in the universities. Christian theology 
had indeed clothed man with a new set of methods and motivations, but it had also 
attributed to him a new set of rational capacities that knew no bounds." 
Sadly, at the beginning of the 21st century, this university system arguably no longer 
works as well as it once did. As Ibn Warraq puts it in his great book Defending the West: 
"The West, in giving in to political correctness and in being corrupted by Saudi and other 
Arab money, is ceasing to honour the original intent of the university. In recent years, 
Saudi Arabia and other Islamic countries (e.g., Brunei) have established chairs of Islamic 
studies in prestigious Western universities, which are then encouraged to present a 
favorable image of Islam. Scientific research leading to objective truth no longer seems to 
be the goal. Critical examination of the sources or the Koran is discouraged. Scholars such 
as Daniel Easterman have even lost their posts for not teaching about Islam in the way 
approved by Saudi Arabia. In December 2005, Georgetown and Harvard universities each 
accepted $ 20 million from Saudi prince Alwaleed bin Talal for programs in Islamic studies. 
The Carter Center, founded by former president Jimmy Carter, is funded in part by bin Talal. 
Such money can only corrupt the original intent of all higher institutions of education, that 
is, the search for truth. Now, we shall have only "Islamic truth" that is acceptable to the 
royal Saudi family, a family that has financed terrorism, anti-Westernism, and anti-
Semitism for more than thirty years." 
This is financial corruption and intimidation, but even before this, Western universities 
seemed to be increasingly preoccupied with deconstructing their own civilisation and 
praising the most barbaric cultures and regimes on earth. This is by no means universally 
true, of course. There is still much great work done at Western universities, as Mr. Grant 
himself is living proof of. But it is difficult to deny the fact that there has been a decline in 
free inquiry and good scholarship. Exactly how this happened, how the Western 
university system went from being a great comparative advantage to being something 
resembling a problem is an interesting question, but one that will have to be dealt with in 
a separate essay. Meanwhile, Edward Grant has done an excellent job at reminding us of 
how unique it once was. 
Source:
http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/022433.php
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/019529.php
2. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/02/west-japan-and-cultural-secondarity.html

