# 1.24 Historically - Bosnia is Serbian Land

> 原文页码: 253-255

1.24 Historically - Bosnia is Serbian Land
It is well known fact that South Slavs settled in the Balkans in 7th century. The two 
largest tribes were Serbs and Croats. There was not much distinction between the two 
then and to this day the "two people" speak one and the same language. Till recently the 
language was known in world literature as Serbo-Croatian. The only outwardly difference 
between Serbs and Croats today is that the former are Orthodox while the later are 
Catholic Christians.
Geographical regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina were settled by the Serbs. There is no 
dispute about this in Western pre-1991 (pre-Bosnia-war) literature.
From: "Encyclopedia Britannica" Edition 1971, Volume 3, page 983, Entry: Bosnia, 
history
Serbian settlement in Bosnia-Herzegovina began in the seventh century A.D. 
From: "Encyclopedia Britannica" Edition 1943, Vol 20, Page 341, Entry: Serbia, History
According to the emperor Constantine Porphyrogenitus, the emperor Heraclius (610-640) 
invited the Serbs to settle in the devastated north-western provinces of the Byzantine 
empire and to defend them against the incursions of the Avars. 
Toward the end of 9th century the political centre of the Serbs was transferred to Zeta (or: 
Zenta: see Montenegro) and the Primorye (sea-coast)... [Serbian] Prince Voislav of 
Travuniya (today: Trebinje [Herzegovina]) ...united under his own rule Travuniya, Zahumlye 
(the modern Herzegovina) and Zeta. His son Michael Voislavich annexed the important 
Zhupania of Rashka (Rascia or Rassia) [Central Serbia], and in 1077 was addressed as king 
(rex) in a letter from Pope Gregory VII. His son Bodin enlarged the first Serb kingdom by 
annexing territories...
From: "Encyclopedia Britannica" Edition 1971, Vol 3, p 983, Entry: Bosnia-Herzegovina
[Serbian] King Bodin (1081-1101) united Bosnia with the other two Serbian principalities – 
Rashka [Central Serbia] and Zeta [Montenegro]...
From: "Encyclopedia Britannica" Edition 1990, Volume 29, Macropedia, page 1098, Entry: 
Yugoslavia, Bosnia and Herzegovina
The emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus (reigned 913-957) referred to Bosnia as part 
of “the land of the Serbs”.
From: "Yugoslavia, a Country Study"
Serbian groups settled the region of present-day Bosnia and Hercegovina during the 
seventh century... Bosnia or Bosna (from Bosna river) appears to have originated as a 
small principality in the mountainous region of the upper reaches of the Bosna and Vrbas 
rivers. The name Herzegovina originated in the fifteenth century when a powerful Bosnian 
noble, Stephen Vuksic, gained control of lands in the southern part of Bosnia and took the 
title of Herzog, the German equivalent of duke, from which came the name of the region.
Turkish conquest
That is it: Bosnia was Serbian only. There were no "Muslims" -- not even a single family 
-- for at least FIVE HUNDRED years! The Islamic onslaught on Europe started centuries 
later. For the Turks who wanted to conquer Europe for Allah, Balkans was the shortest 
route. Their immense armies were first stopped by heroic Serb resistance in a gigantic 
battle at Kosovo field in 1389. Some 70 years later the Turks recovered and took now 
defenceless Bosnia.
Centuries of peace the Serbs enjoyed in Bosnia were to be substituted with centuries 
long struggle to survive brutal tyranny by foreign oppressor.
In order to govern this, 100% Christian land, the Turks needed to find (in today's terms) 
local quislings. In those ancient times, when religion was one's alpha and omega of 
existence, the conquering Turks could not hope to convert Christians to Islam over night. 
Despite that, it turns out, Bosnia was somewhat fertile ground. The Turkish conquest left 
substantial portion of the population converted to Islam - more so than in other, vast 
Christian lands, governed by the Ottoman Empire.
There are few theories how it happened. The most prevalent theory present in Western 
literature claims that the Turks found an easy prey in Christian cult of Bogumilism. This is 
one of many theories, though. The opposing ones claim that Bogumilism, while quite 
present in Bosnia for some time, was extinct centuries before Turkish arrival.
As it was question of honour, not to abandon ones religion for the religion of the enemy, 
the process of conversion was a slow one. It took centuries. No-one disputes that. Also 
the process took many different forms, many of which were forms of forceful conversion. 
For sure those who converted to the religion of the oppressor immediately reaped 
benefits. Over night they would cease to be oppressed. They would not be hungry any 
more. The record of individual conversions for the last few centuries of the Ottoman rule 
was kept in the main archive in Sarajevo, which was in Muslim hands in the recent civil 
war. It burned to the ground with all the documents. The incident, as everything else, 
was blamed on the besieging Serbs even though it was in Muslim Serb, and certainly not 
in Christian Serb, interest for that to happen...
The slow process of betraying Christianity
From: "Yugoslavia, a Country Study" 
Situated on the dividing line between the areas of Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox 
religious influence, Bosnia and Herzegovina suffered from constant internal turmoil from 
the tenth through the fifteenth centuries. This situation was complicated by the introduction 
from Bulgaria of an ascetic heretical Christian cult -- Bogumilism -- during the twelfth 
century... Many Bosnian nobles and a large portion of the peasantry persisted in the heresy 
despite repeated attempts by both the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches to crush the 
cult. The chaos caused by this religious struggle laid the country open to the Ottoman Turks 
after they again defeated the [remaining, unconquered] Serbs in 1459. By 1463 the Turks 
controlled Bosnia and twenty years later gained control of Herzegovina; many Bogumil 
nobles and peasants accepted the Islamic religion of their conquerors.
From: "A History of the Balkans" by Professor Ferdinand Schevill, Barnes & Noble, New 
York, 1995, pp 202, 203
To the west of Serbia lay Bosnia,... a mountain region, like Serbia and racially 
homogeneous with it... [W]hole sections of the Bosnians did not scruple to see in Islam a 
deliverer. Numerous castles treacherously opened their gates to the enemy, and when the 
wretched Bosnian king, despairing of his cause, surrendered, he was, in spite of a solemn 
promise made in writing, cruelly decapitated under the eyes of the sultan (1462)... 
Mohamed held the convenient doctrine that a pledge made to a dog of an infidel possessed 
no binding character.
Thus Bosnia, sharp on the heel of Serbia, perished, and throughout Balkania the land of the 
Serbs with the single exception of the Zeta [future Montenegro], passed under the heel of 
the oppressor.
From: "A Short History of the Yugoslav Peoples" by Professor Fred Singleton, Cambridge 
University Press, Edition 1985, page 20
The absorption of the heretic Bosnian (Bogumil) Church into the Islamic world did not come 
about as a result of a dramatic act of mass conversion, but, if Ottoman statistics is to be 
believed, it was a relatively rapid process. According to a census of 1489... 18.4 per cent of 
the population of Bosnia practised the Islamic faith... [T]he greatest increases were 
recorded... especially in the towns... Slav-speaking Muslim aristocracy came into existence. 
The 1.5 million Muslims in modern Bosnia, who are listed in the Yugoslav census [of 
1981]... are descendents of those ealy converts.
From: "Yugoslavia, a Country Study" 
The Islamised nobles were allowed to retain their lands and their feudal privileges, and the 
peasants who accepted Islam were granted land free from feudal obligations. The Christian 
nobles were killed and Christian peasants subjected to oppressive rule.
For more than four centuries, from the time of conquest in 1463 to 1878 when Western 
powers ordered them to relinquish Bosnia and Herzegovina and hand it over to the 
Austro-Hungarian empire control, the Turks ruled Bosnia. Their devoted quislings, the 
Serbs who betrayed Christianity in order to serve the Asiatic conqueror, identified with 
the foreign oppressor so much that Encyclopedia Britannica of 1910, finds Bosnian 
Muslims, now after more than 20 years under Christian rule still wanting everyone to call 
them - Turks! These "Turks," though can speak only one language - the same language 
that Serbs and Croats speak: Serbo-Croatian.
Let us take a closer look into the origin of the terms "Bosnian," "Bosniak," "Bosnitch." Do 
Bosnian Muslims have an exclusive right, as exercised by the Western press in these 
days, to call themselves "Bosnians?"
Source:
http://srpska-mreza.com/History/pre-wwOne/Bosnia-conquered.html

