# 1.25 Who are the “Bosniaks”?

> 原文页码: 256-262

1.25 Who are the “Bosniaks”?
Encyclopedia Britannica, eleventh edition (year: 1910 (!)), Volume IV, page 281,
entry "Bosnia and Herzegovina", subentry (#10), Population and National Characteristics 
(quote:)
In 1895 the population, which tends to increase slowly... numbered 1,568,092. The alien 
element is small, consisting chiefly of Austro-Hungarians, gipsies, Italians and Jews. 
Spanish is a common language of the Jews, whose ancestors fled Hither, during the 16th 
century, to escape the Inquisition.
The natives are officially described as Bosniaks, but classify themselves according to 
religion. Thus the Roman Catholics prefer the name of Croats, Hrvats or Latins; the 
Orthodox, of Serbs; the Moslems, of Turks.
All alike belong to the Serbo-Croatian branch of the Slavonic race; and all speak a language 
almost identical to Serbian, though written by the Roman Catholics in Latin instead of 
Cyrillic letters.
To avoid offending either “Serbs” or “Croats”, it is officially designated “Bosnitch”.... The 
Bosnians or Bosniaks resemble their Serbian kindfolk in both appearance and character. 
They have the same love for poetry, music and romance; the same *intense* pride in their 
race and history; many of the same superstitions and customs. The Christians retain the 
Serbian costume, modified in detail, as the occasional use of the turban or fez. The 
"Turkish" women have in some districts abandoned the veil; but in others they even cover 
the eyes when they leave home. 
This clearly tells explains "tolerance" -- in 1910 -- between those who call themselves 
"Serbs", "Croats" and "Turks". The three ethnic groups of Bosnia would rather be called 
Bosnians (English), Bosnitch (German) or Bosanci (in Serbo-Croatian) because a Croat 
would be *offended* to be called a "Turk", "Turk" a Serb etc. It is surprising to read that 
Muslims liked to be called "Turks" during the government of Austro-Hungaria. Muslims 
are Serbs or Croats, but mostly Serbs, who, through centuries converted to Islam).
We have to remind you that the above text was written in 1910, i.e. before Muslims (the 
"Turks") and Croats committed unspeakable atrocities on their Serbian neighbours (in 
World War I and World War II). 
We have seen, once again, how Muslims have showed unbelievable chauvinism and 
intolerance toward the Serbs. (They did it for the third time in this, twentieth century 
alone). The Muslims demanded to separate from the Serbs, even though the “only” 
difference is the religion (The language and everything else is the same). It is a 
dangerous precedent to declare a group of people a new nation just because they are of 
different religion. Many countries would over-night become "multi-ethnic".
On the other hand, let it be clear, if the Muslims insist to have their own state then no-
one should deny them their right for self-determination. And no Serb was denying them 
that right. Serbs were not denying the Muslims right to form a state in a portion of 
Bosnia where they, the Muslims, are majority population.
But if there is to be any peace or justice then the Serbs should have exactly the same 
right. Wherever the Muslims were majority before the war - they can govern that 
territory any way they like it. But wherever the Serbs were majority, according to the 
U.N. Charter - they have right for self-determination the same way. The Serbs have right 
to exist. They have right to form their own state. And No Communist design should have 
precedent over the rights of the living human beings.
Today, the Muslims, with backing of the Western powers, want to usurp the right for the 
entire Bosnia - even though they are MINORITY there. Muslims want to usurp the right 
for themselves to be the only people called Bosnians. In other words they want to be the 
only ones to rule the entire Bosnia.
Thus, let us remind you, once again, the Serbs are also the indigenous people of Bosnia. 
Actually they were the *first* Slav tribe to settle there.
Source:
http://srpska-mreza.com/History/pre-wwOne/Mus_who.html
Muslims oppressed Christians in Bosnia
From: "The Balkans," pp 43 – 45, Time-Life World Library, by Edmund Stillman and the 
Editors of Life, Time Inc., New York, 1967
From mid-15th century for the next four centuries(!) the Serbian and Croatian Christians of 
Bosnia suffered tyrannical rule. 
Four (4) centuries of Islamic tyranny in Bosnia
If any single factor made the Balkans what they were in history -- and what they still are 
today -- it was the ordeal of the Turk... For the 18th and 19th Centuries, the image of 
Turkey was that of a rotting empire, of a corrupt, incompetent and sadistic national elite 
preying on the subject Balkan peoples - of a cynical government whose very method of rule 
was atrocity. 
[T]hey forbade the building of all but the meanest churches, and likewise outlawed the 
ringing of church bells.
What was damaging to the Balkan peoples was [that]... they had been stripped of pride 
and freedom. As Christians, they were now despised...
[T]he Turkish over-lordship created a Balkan mosaic of legal, social and economic 
relations... What was uniform to all [subdued Christians] was the experience of alien over-
lordship and the legacy of violence as the cohesion and power of the Empire declined. 
When the Empire passed its apex of power in the 17th and 18th Centuries, the conditions 
of the subject peoples took a catastrophic turn for the worse... It was in these... years that 
the proverb came into vogue: "Where the Turk trod, no grass grows." Within the Empire, 
the 17th and 18th Century military officials, the beys and dahis, savagely oppressed the 
people; they were scarcely to be distinguished from the robber bands...
On the frontiers, [which is where Bosnia was] war -- and with it the parallel evils of yearly 
murder, rape and arson -- became as regular as the cycle of season.
The above quote is from: "Origin of the Myth of a Tolerant Pluralistic Islamic Society" Bat 
Ye'Or, Chicago, August 31, 1995
In the Serbian regions, the most fanatical opponents of Christian emancipation were the 
Muslims Bosniacs...
A systematic enquiry into the condition of the Christians was conducted by British consuls 
in the Ottoman Empire in the 1860s. Britain was then Turkey's strongest ally. It was in its 
own interest to see that the oppression of the Christians would be eliminated in order to 
prevent any Russian or Austrian interference. Consul James Zohrab sent from Bosna-Serai 
(Sarajevo) a lengthy report, dated July 22, 1860, to his ambassador in Constantinople, Sir 
Henry Bulwer, in which he analyzed the administration of the provinces of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina. He stated that from 1463 to 1850 the Bosniac Muslims enjoyed all the 
privileges of feudalism. During a period of nearly 400 years Christians were subjected to 
much oppression and cruelty. For them no other law but the caprice of their masters 
existed... Under false accusations imprisonments are of daily occurrence. A Christian has 
but a small chance of exculpating himself when his opponent is a Muslim."
The above quote is from: "The Serbian People" by P. Lazarovich-Hrebelianovich & Eleanor 
Calhoun New York, Charles Scribner's Sons, 1910, The excerpt is from Chapter VII: "The 
Serbians under Turkish rule from about 1470 to about 1800"
In the year 1413 the southern Serbian provinces were unable longer to hold out against the 
Turks. Serbia in 1459, Bosnia in 1463, and Herzegovina in 1481 were all finally conquered 
and became Turkish provinces.
The basis of Ottoman power was the sword and the Ottoman State was and is an organised 
theocracy.
The Mohammedan religion is not a religion in the Christian sense of involving principally the 
problems of morality, spiritual growth, and immortality. Mohammedanism is a state of 
society founded on a collection of laws and legal principles dealing with and ruling every 
event of individual and public life. The vast community of believers in various countries of 
the world basing the entire political, social, and religious fabric on that collection of laws, 
and the mystical, ethical, and philosophical tenets given by Mahomet in the Koran, 
afterward developed by the masters of the "Four Schools" of Mohammedan teaching, forms 
"Islam."
For that reason where Islam is master no other civil status is recognised except in tolerance 
and in subordination to Islam. There can be no assimilation with people of other creeds or 
civilisation. The perception of that fact was vividly set forth in the arguments of that Sultan, 
in the seventeenth century, who urged that as Moslem victor and Christian vanquished 
could never make one people, Ottoman domination could become secure only by the 
universal slaughter of all Christians in conquered territories. Up to our own time that 
conclusion has haunted Stamboul [Istanbul] like an evil dream.
The conquered Christian populations were disarmed and dispossessed of all property, and 
were soon pressed into a condition of serfdom under Turkish masters. They were called 
"giours" and in the mass the "rayah," "the herd." Whoever renounced his faith and became 
a Mohammedan was thereby instantly naturalised into Islam, receiving the status and all 
the life-chances of a born Osmanili [Turk]. That was the sole means in his power of 
escaping from the subjected masses or of opening a door of opportunity.
The Serbians in general refused to accept that door of escape from durancevile, and 
remained true to their Christian and national faith, even though the long night of practical 
extinction, hoping for a dawn though long deferred.
Many of the Serbian nobles and numbers of the common people fled to Serb lands under 
Venice or those under Hungary [i.e. to Krajina]. Certain ones among the nobles and others 
became Moslems, thereby preserving their lands and castles, and authority was given to 
them under the Turks as Pashas, Beys, Agas, and Spahis. They became ranged, in the eyes 
of the general populations, on the side of the conquerors, and were looked upon by the 
people as Turks.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina, where the inhabitants had not only been subject to Turkish 
attack, but had been obliged as well to stand, ever beating back Hungarian invasions, the 
greater part of the nobles, mostly Bogomils, went over in body to Mohammedanism.
Large numbers of Serbs, loyal to their faith and home traditions, escaped to the mountain 
fastnesses from which they were able to harass the Turks of the plains and so maintain a 
relative independence.
The Serbians of the Rayah lived under great oppression and humiliation, their only means 
of protection being through the Serbian Patriarch so long as one existed.
In case of acts of injustice or violence suffered at the hands of individual Turks, there was 
no possible redress. The Christians were forbidden the use of horses or camels, only mules 
and asses being allowed them. They were forbidden to ride even a mule or an ass in the 
presence of a Turk. It was not permitted that their houses should have a better appearance 
than Turkish houses. For their faith they had much to suffer. The clergy, few in number, 
were kept in miserable conditions, and churches which had been destroyed were not 
allowed to be rebuilt, the building of new churches being strictly forbidden. The sound of 
church bells was forbidden as was also the reading aloud of the Holy Scriptures or the 
pronunciation of the name of Jesus Christ.
It was not lawful to make the sign of the cross, to show a cross, or to eat pork in sight of a 
Turk.
The Rayah were not allowed openly to bury their dead; Christian burials tookplace at night 
or in secret; mourning for the dead was strictly prohibited either by costume or by symbol 
or in any other way.
Church services were often held in some secluded spot in forest or glen, sometimes under a 
chosen tree marked with a cross; or ordinary houses were built as if for a family, with a 
central hearth, and sometimes with surrounding storehouse and stable to avoid suspicion, 
and were consecrated and used secretly as churches. Such houses still exist in Macedonia.
From: "The Balkans," page 44, Time-Life World Library by Edmund Stillman and the 
Editors of LIFE, Time Inc., New York, 1967
Tax in blood
In Ottoman Empire Christians were but slaves at nonexistent mercy of their Muslim lords. 
Many, many Western books write about different horrors the Christians endured. One form 
of oppression was that Muslims gave themselves "right of the first night". In practice it 
meant that Turkish (or local Muslim Slav) lord would spend the first night with the new 
Christian bride. The groom had to take shoes off and silently circle the house while the Turk 
makes love to his wife.
Still, by far the worst horror the Christians had to endure was the Turkish Janissary system. 
Western schollars frequently downplay the importance of this "Tax in Blood" as Christian 
subjects nicknamed it:
Conversion to Islam - through kidnapping
While any subject boy might aspire to the highest rank in the Turkish Empire, he had to 
convert to Islam to do so; when the security of the Ottoman state demanded, there were 
forced conversions. Every four years the most vigorous boys were taken from the towns 
and villages, willingly or not, to be trained as Janissaries (a word from the Turkish yeni 
cheri, or new troops).
From: "Origin of the Myth of a Tolerant Pluralistic Islamic Society" Bat Ye'Or, Chicago, 
August 31, 1995
The Devshirme system is well known. Begun by the Sultan Orkhan (1326-1359), it existed 
for about 300 years. It consisted of a regular levy of Christian children from the Christian 
population of the Balkans. These youngsters, aged from fourteen to twenty, were Islamised 
and enslaved for their army. The periodic levies, which took place in contingents of a 
thousand, subsequently became annual. To discourage runaways, children were transferred 
to remote provinces and entrusted to Muslim soldiers who treated them harshly as slaves. 
Another parallel recruitment system operated. It provided for the levy of Christian children 
aged six to ten (Ichoghlani), reserved for the sultans' palace. Entrusted to eunuchs, they 
underwent a tyrannical training for fourteen years.
The first presentation above sounds almost idyllic: A boy dreams of obtaining "high rank 
in the Empire" or some boys "were taken" from their parents in order to achieve glorious 
carrier in Turkish Army.
What it actually meant was that the hated Turks would kidnap your child and - even 
worse - return it, now as a Muslim and your worse enemy!
How can anyone put it in words? Dr. Ivo Andrich, who was born in Bosnia was awarded 
the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1961 for his novels about Bosnian Christian suffering. 
Encyclopedia Britannica (Micropedia, Edition 1986, Vol 1, Page 393, entry: Andric, Ivo) 
said (quote):
Andric's work reveals his deterministic philosophy and his sense of compassion and is 
written objectively and soberly, in language of great beauty and purity. The Nobel Prize 
committee commented particularly on the "ephic force" with which he handled his 
material, especially in "The Bridge on the Drina". 
Let the master of literature talk. Here is an excerpt from the above mentioned Nobel 
Prize book "Bridge on the Drina," which describes how this "tax in blood" felt, as it is told 
and retold chilling blood of generations of surviving Christians of Bosnia.
On that November day a long convoy of laden horses arrived on the left bank of the river 
and halted there to spend the night. The Aga of the janissaries, with armed escort, was 
returning to Stambul after collecting from the villages of eastern Bosnia the appointed 
number of Christian children for the blood tribute.
…the necessary number of healthy, bright and good looking lads between ten and fifteen 
years old had been found without difficulty, even though many parents had hidden their 
children in the forests, taught them how to appear half witted, clothed them in rags and 
let them get filthy, to avoid the Aga's choice. Some even went so far as to maim their 
own children, cutting off one of their fingers with an axe.
…a little way behind the last horses in that strange convoy straggled, dishevelled and 
exhausted, many parents and relatives of those children who were being carried away 
forever to a foreign world where they would be circumcised, become Turkish and, 
forgetting their faith, their country and their origin, would pass their lives in the service 
of the Empire. They were for the most part women, mothers, grandmothers and sisters 
of the stolen children.
[The women would get driven away but…] ….gather again a little later behind the convoy 
and strive with tear-filled eyes to see once again over the panniers the heads of the 
children who were being taken from them. The mothers were especially persistent and 
hard to restrain. Some would rush forward not looking where they were going, with bare 
breasts and dishevelled hair, forgetting everything about them, wailing and lamenting as 
if at a burial, while others almost out of their minds moaned as if their wombs were being 
torn by birthpangs and blinded with tears ran right onto the horsemen's whips and 
replied to every blow with the fruitless question: "Where are you taking him? Why are 
you taking him from me?" Some tried to speak clearly to their children and give them 
some last part of themselves, as much as might be said in a couple of words, some 
recommendation or advice for the way... "Rade, my son, don't forget your mother...' 
"Ilija, Ilija, Ilija!" screamed another woman, searching desperately with her glances for 
the dear well-known head and repeating this incessantly as if she wished to carve into 
the child's memory that name which would in a day or two be taken from him forever.
Mother's cries must still be echoing Bosnian mountains.
It should not pass without mention that once Westerners conquered Bosnia, recently, one 
of the first thing they did in the course of "engineering democracy" (and while trying to 
impose Muslim rule on Bosnian Serbs) was to ban use of Dr. Andrich's works from school 
books for the Serbian children. It is as if one was to ban Shakespeare in England!
Andrich's books were translated in all languages of the West. His, above cited book "The 
Bridge on the Drina" can be found in any decent size library in the West. It tells volumes 
about total collapse of Western culture and morality that the same Western nations which 
praized Bosnian author in 1961 - banned his works few decades later.
Bosnian Muslims outdid Turks in atrocity
From: "A Short History of the Yugoslav Peoples" by Professor Fred Singleton, Cambridge 
University Press, Edition 1985, pp 20-21
Again, the Serbian grief was amplified by the fact that these returning children, now 
Janissaries were the most intolerant, most militant Muslims. As the time was passing and 
the central rule in the Empire was dying out, it was Janissaries who actually governed 
Bosnia. They were the ones who were the most oppressive and cruel. When Great Britain 
(in trying to repel Russia from the Balkans, in its self-imposed, everlasting "Great Game") 
insisted that Turkish sultan should give equal rights to his Christian subjects, Janissaries of 
Bosnia were the ones who started a rebellion to topple the sultan.
Worse "Turks" than Turks
During the heyday of the Ottoman rule in Europe the Bosnian Muslims played an important 
part in administration of the empire, one of them, Mehmet Sokolovic, rising to be grand 
vizier to the sultan, Suleiman the Magnificent, in the sixteenth century. Bosnian Muslims 
also provided the Ottoman bureaucracy in Hungary after the battle of Mohacs in 1526. At 
lower level of administration, the Orthodox and Roman Catholic Christian peasants of the 
raya were governed by Slav Muslim landowners, who, whilst retaining their Slavonic 
speech, adopted the manners and dress of the Turkish court. Like many converts, they 
often 'out-Ottomaned the Ottomans in their religious zeal'.
The above quote is from: "A Short History of the Yugoslav Peoples" by Professor Fred 
Singleton, Cambridge University Press, Edition 1985, page 75
The janissaries, who were once the elite corps of the sultan army, had degenerated by the 
end of the eighteenth century into an unrully and lawless rabble, who were at best an 
embarrassment and at worst threat to their rulers... Sultan Mahmud I (1730-54) attempted 
to disband the janissaries and to put in their place a modern force, modelled on the 
standing armies of his European enemies. Unfortunately for the Serbs, he was only partly 
successful. In an attempt to remove the influence of the janissaries from Istanbul, where 
they naturally formed a powerful opposition to his reforms, Mahmud tried to buy them off 
by offering them a virtually free hand in garrisoning the remote provinces of the empire 
[like Bosnia and Hercegovina]. There they could plunder and abuse the local peasantry with 
impunity, even dispossessing them from their lands. ... Mahmud may have bought time for 
himself, but he stored up trouble for his successors.
From: Encyclopedia Britannica, Edition 1910, Volume 4, page 284
The reform of the Ottoman government contemplated by the sultan Mahmud II (1808-
1839) was BITTERLY RESENTED in Bosnia... Many of the janissaries had married and 
settled on the land, forming a strongly conservative and FANATICAL caste, friendly to the 
Moslem nobles, who now dreaded the curtailment of their own privileges. Their opportunity 
came in 1820, when the Porte [the Turkish government] was striving to repress the 
insurrection in Moldavia, Albania and Greece. A first Bosnian revolt was crushed in 1821, a 
second, due principally to the massacres of the jannissaries, was quelled with much 
bloodshed in 1827. After Russo-Turkish War of 1828-29, a further attempt at reform was 
initiated by the sultan and his grand vizier, Reshid Pasha. Two years later came a most 
formidable outbreak: the sultan was denounced as false to Islam, and the Bosnian nobles 
gathered in Banjaluka (Bosnia), determined to march to Constantinople, and reconquer the 
Ottoman Empire for the true [Islam] faith.
A Jihad was preached by their leader, Hussein Aga Berberi, a brilliant soldier and orator, 
who called himself “Zmaj Bosanski” [dragon of Bosnia], and was regarded by his followers 
as a saint. The Moslems of Herzegovina, under Ali Pasha Rizvanbegovic, remained loyal to 
the Porte, but in Bosnia Hussein Aga encountered little resistance. At Kossovo he was 
reinforced by 20,000 Albanians, led by Mustapha Pasha, and within a few weeks the united 
armies occupied the whole of Bulgaria, and large part of Macedonia. Their career was 
checked by Reshid Pasha, who persuaded the two victorious commanders to intrigue 
against one another, secured the division of their forces, and then fell upon each in turn.
The rout of the Albanians at Prilipe and the capture of Mustapha at Scutari were followed by 
an invasion of Bosnia. After a desperate defence, Hussein Aga fled to Esseg in Croatia-
Slavonia, his appeal for pardon was rejected, and in 1832 he was banished for life in 
Tribizond.
The power of the Bosnian nobles, though shaken by their defeat, remained unbroken, and 
they resisted vigorously when their kapetanates were abolished in 1837, and again when a 
measure of equality before the law was conceded to the Christians in 1839.
In Herzegovina, Ali Pasha Rizvanbegovic reaped the reward of his fidelity. He was left free 
to tyrannise over his Christian subjects, a king in all but name.
Is this not exactly opposite of the current claim the Western media repeatedly promotes? 
Are they not telling us that "Islam is a tolerant religion?" Since when!? Are we all from 
Mars? How can anyone delete the horror of Muslim oppression over Christians and Jews 
which lasted for centuries and stretched over continents?
Where are the roots of the above myth wondered author Bat Ye'Or. She then spent 
decades studying the issue. Finally she wrote a few books on the subject.

