# 1.26 Historical Islamic demographic warfare in Kosovo

> 原文页码: 263-265

1.26 Historical Islamic demographic warfare in Kosovo 
In the early 7th century, Serbs settled in Balkans (including Kosovo). In the 12th century, 
according to the Byzantine Empress Anna Angelina Komnenos, the Serbs were the main 
inhabitants of Kosovo (Eastern Dalmatia and former Moesia Superior). Archaeological 
findings from the 7th century onwards show a Serb (Slavic) cultural domination in case of 
glagolithic letters, pottery, cemeteries, churches and monasteries.
14th century
The Dečani Charter from 1330 contained a detailed list of households and chartered 
villages in Metohija and north-western Albania:
3 of 89 settlements were Albanian, the other being Serb.
15th century
The ethnic composition of Kosovo's population during this period included Serbs, 
Albanians, and Vlachs along with a token number of Greeks, Armenians, Saxons, and 
Bulgarians, according to Serbian monastic charters or chrysobulls (Hristovulja). A 
majority of the given names in the charters are overwhelmingly Serbian (Of 24,795 
names, 23,774 were ethnic Serb names, 470 of Roman origin, 65 of Albanian origin and 
61 of Greek origin). This claim is supported by the Turkish cadastral tax-census (defter) 
of 1455 which took into account religion and language and found an overwhelming Serb 
majority.
1455: Turkish cadastral tax census (defter) of the Brankovic dynasty lands (covering 
80% of present-day Kosovo) recorded 480 villages, 13,693 adult males, 12,985 
dwellings, 14,087 household heads (480 widows and 13,607 adult males). Totally there 
were around 75,000 inhabitants in 590 villages comprising modern-day Kosovo. By 
ethnicity:
13,000 Serb dwellings present in all 480 villages and towns
75 Vlach dwellings in 34 villages
46 Albanian dwellings in 23 villages
17 Bulgarian dwellings in 10 villages
5 Greek dwellings in Lauša, Vučitrn
1 Jewish dwelling in Vučitrn
1 Croat dwelling
1487: A census of the House of Branković
Vučitrn district:
16,729 Christian housing (412 in Priština and Vučitrn)
117 Moslem households (94 in Priština and 83 in rural areas)
Ipek (Peć) district:
City of Ipek - 68% Serbs
121 Christian household
33 Moslem households
Suho Grlo and Metohija:
131 Christian household of which 52% in Suho Grlo were Serbs
Kline e Poshtme/Donja Klina - 50% Serbs
Dečani - 64% Serbs
Rural areas:
6,124 Christian housings (99%)
55 Moslem houses (1%)
17th - 18th century
The Great Turkish War of 1683–1699 between the Ottomans and the Habsburgs led to 
the flight of a substantial part of Kosovan Serbian population to Austrian held Vojvodina 
and the Military Frontier - about 60-70,000 Serb refugees total settled in the Habsburg 
Monarchy in that time of whom many were from Kosovo. Following this an influx of 
Muslim Albanian[14] from the highlands (Malesi) occurred, mostly into Metohija. The 
process continued in 18th century.
Noel Malcolm suggests that the Great Migration of the Serbs from Kosovo is only a myth 
created by Serbian nationalism to justify the Albanian majority already in Kosovo[15], 
but a number of historians who reviewed his work, including Mile Bjelajac, Istvan Deak, 
Thomas Emerat and Tim Judah refute this[16].
A study done in 1871 by Austrian colonel Peter Kukulj for the internal use of the Austro-
Hungarian army showed that the mutesarifluk of Prizren (corresponding largely to 
present-day Kosovo) had some 500,000 inhabitants, of which:
318,000 Serbs (64%),
161,000 Albanians (32%),
10,000 Roma (Gypsies) and Circassians
2,000 Turks
Miloš S. Milojević travelled the region in 1871–1877 and left accounts which testify that 
Serbs were majority population, and were predominant in all cities, while Albanians were 
minority and lived mostly in villages. According to his data, Albanians were majority 
population in southern Drenica (Muslim Albanians), and in region around Djakovica 
(Catholic Albanians), while the city was majorly Serbian. He also recorded several 
settlements of Turks, Romas and Circassians.
Source:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographic_history_of_Kosovo
Islamic Demographic Warfare in Kosovo 
By M. Bozinovich
One of the Albanian claims for independence of Kosovo is the ethnic makeup of the 
region. The argument points that Kosovo was majority Albanian populated hence it 
should be, at the most, given to Albania or at least granted international recognition as 
an independent state. 
Table 1: Kosovo 
Population
 
Albanian
Serbian
1948
498,242
199,961
 
68.46%
27.47%
1953
524,559
221,212
 
64.93%
27.38%
1961
646,148
264,604
 
67.06%
27.46%
1971
916,168
259,819
 
73.67%
20.89%
1981
1,226,736
236,525
 
77.42%
14.93%
 
The initial 1948 Albanian majority was a result of the Yugoslav government’s prohibition 
on refugee returns, mostly Serbs that have been deported by Albanian Nazis in WWII. 
The increasing homogenisation of Kosovo’s population in favour of Albanians has been 
achieved by means of systematic and institutionalised political and economic repression 
of Kosovo Serbs. The repression was institutionalised with increased autonomy powers 
granted to Kosovo in the 1960s and especially in 1974. 
The increased homogenisation of Kosovo in the Muslim Albanian favour is also a result of 
the birth rate (also known as demographic warfare): Albanians simply have more children 
then the Serbs.
Given that a parabola appropriately models Kosovo Serb population trend, the analysis 
strongly suggests that Kosovo Serbs have also been exposed to ethnic animosity and/or 
genocidal policies.
Serb vs Jewish demographic trend 1900-1941 
A similar, but not so peculiar population trend is the Jewish experience under Nazi 
Germany. While the pre-Hitlerian cultural anti-Semitism in Germany was institutionalised, 
by 1941 hate of Jews was turned into an exterminatory policy. Out of 615,000 Jews in 
Germany in 1910, virtually none were left by 1945. 

