# 1.27 Myths and Politics - Origin or the Myth of a Tolerant Pluralistic Islamic Society

> 原文页码: 266-273

Both Jews under Nazis and Serbs under Albanian-dominated Kosovo exhibit the same 
downward depopulation trend. To the extent that Kosovo Serb population trend line is a 
parabola, there is a strong evidence to suggest then that Kosovo Serbs have been 
exposed to a level of ethnic duress sufficient enough to induce them to migrate out of 
Kosovo. 
Source:
http://www.serbianna.com/columns/mb/004.shtml
Material to study:
1. Enver Hoxha - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enver_Hoxha 
2. Albanian nationalism - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albanian_nationalism 
3. Greek Christians vs Albanian Muslims - Chameria issue - 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chameria_issue 
4. Code of Lekë (Code of Leke/Kanun) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_of_Lek%C3%AB (Local Sharia 
equivalency used by Muslim Albanians when it comes to regulating womens rights)
This law in tandem with Sharia was instrumental when implementing the past and 
current Albanian Muslim demographic warfare (“Breed the non-Muslims out” strategy 
before and after WW2).
1.27 Myths and Politics - Origin or the Myth of a Tolerant Pluralistic Islamic 
Society
Yugoslavia: Past and present 
BAT YE'OR speech:
My subject this evening is: Myths and Politics: Origin of the Myth of a Tolerant Pluralistic 
Islamic Society. I stress the world "Tolerant", which was omitted from the program.
Ten years ago, when I came to America for the launching of my book: THE DHIMMI, 
JEWS AND CHRISTIANS UNDER ISLAM, I was struck by the inscription on the Archives 
Building in Washington: "Past is Prologue". I had thought -- at least at the beginning of 
my research -- that my subject related to a remote past, but I realised that 
contemporary events were rapidly modernising this past. Muslim countries where Islamic 
law -- the Shari'a -- had been replaced by modern juridic (imposed by the European 
colonising powers,) were abandoning the secularising trend, replacing it with Islamisation 
in numerous sectors of life. This impression of the return of the past became even more 
acute when I was working on my next book, published in 1991, the English edition which 
will appear in a few months under the title: THE DECLINE OF EASTERN CHRISTIANITY 
UNDER ISLAM - 7th TO 20th CENTURY: FROM JIHAD TO DHIMMITUDE (Associated 
University Presses).
In this study, I tried to analyze the numerous processes that had transformed rich, 
powerful Christian civilisations into Islamic lands and their long-term effects, which had 
reduced native Christian majorities into scattered small religious minorities, now slowly 
disappearing. This complex Islamisation process of Christian lands and civilisations on 
both shores of the Mediterranean - and in Irak and Armenia - I have called: the process 
of "dhimmitude" and the civilisation of those peoples who underwent such 
transformation, I have named the civilisation of "dhimmitude". The indigenous native 
peoples were Jews and Christians: Orthodox, Catholics, or from other Eastern Christian 
Churches. They are all referred to by Muslim jurists as the "Peoples of the Book" - the 
Book being the Bible - and are subjected to the same condition according to Islamic law. 
They are called dhimmis: protected peoples, because Islamic law protects their life and 
goods on condition that they submit to Islamic rule. I will not go into details here for this 
is a very long and complex subject, but in order to understand the Serbian situation one 
should know that the Serbs were treated during half a millennium just like the other 
Christian and Jewish dhimmis. They participated in this civilisation of dhimmitude. It is 
important to understand that the civilisation of dhimmitude grows from two religious 
institutions: Jihad and SHARI'A, which establish a particular ideological system that 
makes it mandatory - during the jihad operation -- to use terror, mass killings, 
deportation and slavery. And the Serbs -- because I am speaking of them tonight -- did 
not escape from this fate, which was the same for all the populations around the 
Mediterranean basin, vanquished by Jihad. For centuries, the Serbs fought to liberate 
their land from the laws of Jihad and of Shari'a, which had legalised their condition of 
oppression.
So while I was analyzing and writing about the processes of dhimmitude and the 
civilisation of dhimmitude, while listening to the radio, watching television, reading the 
newspapers, I had the uncomfortable feeling that the clock was being turned back.
Modern politicians, sophisticated writers -- using phones, planes, computers and all the 
modern techniques -- seemed to be returning several centuries back, with WIGS or STIFF 
COLLARS, using exactly the same CORRUPTING ARGUMENTS, the same tortuous short-
term politics that had previously contributed to the gradual Islamisation of numerous 
non-Muslim peoples. I had to shake myself in an effort to distinguish the past from the 
present.
So, is the past always prologue? Are we doomed to remain always prisoners of the same 
errors? Certainly, if we do not know the past; and this past -- the long and agonising 
process of Christian annihilation by the laws of Jihad and dhimmitude -- is a taboo 
history, not only in Islamic lands, but above all in the West. It has been buried beneath a 
myth, fabricated by Western politicians and religious leaders, in order to promote their 
own national strategic and economic interests.
Curiously, this myth started in Bosnia-Herzegovina in the 19th century. It alleges that 
Turkish rule over Christians in its European provinces was just and lawful. That the 
Ottoman regime, being Islamic, was naturally "tolerant" and well disposed toward its 
Christian subjects; that its justice was fair, and that safety for life and goods was 
guaranteed to Christians by Islamic laws. Ottoman rule was brandished as the most 
suitable regime to rule Christians of the Balkans.
This theory was advanced by European politicians in order to safeguard the balance of 
power in Europe, and in order to block the Russian advance towards the Mediterranean. 
To justify the maintenance of the Turkish yoke on the Slavs it was portrayed as a model 
for a multi-ethnical and multi-religious empire. Of course, the reality was totally different! 
First the Ottoman Empire was created by centuries of Jihad against Christian populations; 
consequently the rules of Jihad, elaborated by Arab-Muslim theologians from the 8th to 
the 10th centuries, applied to the subjected Christian and Jewish populations of the 
Turkish Islamic dominions. Those regulations are integrated into the Islamic legislation 
concerning the non-Muslim vanquished peoples and consequently they present a certain 
homogeneity throughout the Arab and Turkish empires.
The civilisation of dhimmitude in which the Serbs participated had many aspects that 
evolved with changing political situations. In the 1830s, forced by the European powers, 
the Ottomans adopted a series of reforms aiming at ending the oppression of the 
Christians.
In the Serbian regions, the most fanatical opponents of Christian emancipation were the 
Muslims Bosniacs. They fought against the Christian right to possess lands and, in legal 
matters, to have equal rights as themselves. They pretended that under the old system 
that gave them full domination over the Christians, Muslims and Christians had lived for 
centuries in a convivial fraternity. And this argument is still used today by President 
Izetbegovic and others. He repeatedly affirms that the 500 years of Christian dhimmitude 
was a period of peace and religious harmony.
Let us now confront the myth with reality. A systematic enquiry into the condition of the 
Christians was conducted by British consuls in the Ottoman Empire in the 1860s. Britain 
was then Turkey's strongest ally. It was in its own interest to see that the oppression of 
the Christians would be eliminated in order to prevent any Russian or Austrian 
interference. Consul James Zohrab sent from Bosna-Serai (Sarajevo) a lengthy report, 
dated July 22, 1860, to his ambassador in Constantinople, Sir Henry Bulwer, in which he 
analyzed the administration of the provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He stated that 
from 1463 to 1850 the Bosniac Muslims enjoyed all the privileges of feudalism. During a 
period of nearly 400 years Christians were subjected to much oppression and cruelty. For 
them no other law but the caprice of their masters existed.
The DEVSHIRME system is well known. Begun by the Sultan Orkhan (1326-1359), it 
existed for about 300 years. It consisted of a regular levy of Christian children from the 
Christian population of the Balkans. These youngsters, aged from fourteen to twenty, 
were Islamised and enslaved for their army. The periodic levies, which took place in 
contingents of a thousand, subsequently became annual. To discourage runaways, 
children were transferred to remote provinces and entrusted to Muslim soldiers who 
treated them harshly as slaves. Another parallel recruitment system operated. It 
provided for the levy of Christian children aged six to ten (ICHOGHLANI), reserved for 
the sultans' palace. Entrusted to eunuchs, they underwent a tyrannical training for 
fourteen years. (A system of enslaving Black Christian and Animist children, similar to 
the DEVSHIRME existed in Sudan as is shown from documents to be published in my 
book. A sort of DEVSHIRME system still exists today in Sudan and has been described 
and denounced by the United Nations Special Report on Sudan and in a recent article last 
Friday's TIMES OF LONDON.) In 1850, the Bosniac Muslims opposed the authority of the 
Sultan and the reforms, but were defeated by the Sultan's army aided by the Christians 
who hoped that their position would thereby improve, "but they hardly benefited." 
Moreover, despite their assistance to the sultan's army, Christians were disarmed, while 
the Muslims who fought the sultan could retain weapons. Christians remained oppressed 
as before, Consul Zobrab writes about the reforms: "I can safely say, they practically 
remain a dead letter".
Discussing the impunity granted to the Muslims by the sultan, Zohrab wrote:
"This impunity, while it does not extend to permitting the Christians to be treated as they 
formerly were treated, is so far unbearable and unjust in that it permits the Muslims to 
despoil them with heavy exactions. Under false accusations imprisonments are of daily 
occurrence. A Christian has but a small chance of exculpating himself when his opponent 
is a Muslim." "Christians are now permitted to possess real property, but the obstacles 
which they meet with when they attempt to acquire it are so many and vexatious that 
very few have as yet dared to brave them. Although a Christian can buy land and take 
possession it is when he has got his land into order [...] that the Christian feels the 
helplessness of his position and the insincerity of the Government. [Under any pretext] 
"the Christian is in nineteen cases out of twenty dispossessed, and he may then deem 
himself fortunate if he gets back the price he gave."
Commenting on this situation, the consul writes:
"Such being, generally speaking, the course pursued by the Government towards the 
Christians in the capital of the province Sarajevo where the Consular Agents of the different 
Powers reside and can exercise some degree of control, it may easily be guessed to what 
extend the Christians, in the remoter districts, suffer who are governed by Mudirs generally 
fanatical."
He continues:
"Christian evidence in the Medjlises (tribunal) as a rule is refused. Knowing this, the 
Christians generally come forward prepared with Mussulman witnesses (...), twenty years 
ago, it is true, and they had no laws beyond the caprice of their landlords."
"Cases of oppression are frequently the result of Mussulman fanaticism, but for these the 
Government must be held responsible, for if offenders were punished, oppression would of 
necessity become rare."
In the spring of 1861 the sultan announced new reforms in Herzegovina, promising 
among other things freedom to build churches, the use of church bells and the 
opportunity for Christians to acquire land.
Commenting on this, Consul William Holmes in Bosna-Serai writes to Ambassador Sir 
Henry Bulwer that those promises rarely applied. He mentions that the Serbs, the biggest 
community were refused the right to build a church in Bosna-Serai. Concerning the right 
to buy land, he writes; "Every possible obstacle is still thrown in the way of the purchase 
of lands by Christians, and very often after they have succeeded in purchasing and 
improving land, it is no secret that on one unjust pretext or another, it has been taken 
from them."
Consul Longworth writes, from Belgrade on 1860 that by its Edicts the "Government may 
hasten such a reform but I question very much whether more evil than good will not 
arise from proclaiming a social equality which is, in the present stage of things and 
relations of society, morally impossible."
The biggest problem, in fact, was the refusal to accept either Christian or Jewish 
testimony in Islamic tribunals.
Consul Longworth comments on "the lax and vicious principle acted upon in the 
Mussulman Courts, where, as the only means of securing justice to Christians, 
Mussulman false witnesses are permitted to give evidence on their behalf."
The situation didn't change, and in 1875 the Grand Vizier Mahmud Pasha admitted to the 
British Ambassador in Constantinople, Sir Henry Elliot, the "impossibility of allowing 
Christian testimony at courts of justice in Bosnia." Thus, the Ambassador noted: "The 
professed equality of Christians and Mussulmans is, however, so illusory so long as this 
distinction is maintained."
This juridical situation had serious consequences due to the system of justice, as he 
explained: "This is a point [the refusal of testimony] of much importance to the 
Christians, for, as the religious courts neither admit documentary nor written evidence, 
nor receive Christian evidence, they could hope for little justice from them."
The difficulty of imposing reforms in such a vast empire provoked this disillusioned 
comment, from Sir Francis, consul-general, judge at the British Consular Court in 1875 
Constantinople: "Indeed, the modern perversion of the Oriental idea of justice is a 
concession to a suitor through grace and favour, and not the declaration of a right, on 
principles of law, and in pursuance of equity."
From Consul Blunt writing from Pristina on 14 July 1860 to Ambassador Bulwer, we learn 
about the situation in the province of Macedonia: "[...] For a long time the province of 
Uscup [Skopje, Macedonia] has been a prey to brigandage: [...] Christian churches and 
monasteries, towns and inhabitants, are now pillaged, massacred, and burnt by Albanian 
hordes as used to be done ten years ago."
"The Christians are not allowed to carry arms. This, considering the want of a good 
police, exposes them the more to attacks from brigands." "Christian evidence in law suits 
between a Mussulman and a non-Mussulman is not admitted in the Local Courts."
Ten years before he said: "Churches were not allowed to be built; and one can judge of 
the measure of toleration practiced at that time by having had to creep under doors 
scarcely four feet high. It was an offence to smoke and ride before a Turk; to cross his 
path, or not stand up before him, was equally wrong." [...]
Fifteen years later, in another report from Bosna-Serai, dated December 30, 1875, from 
consul Edward Freeman, we learn that the Bosnian Muslims had sent a petition to the 
sultan stating that before the reforms, "they lived as brother with the Christian 
population. In fact, wrote the Consul, "their aim appears to reduce the Christians to their 
former ancient state of serfdom." So once again we go back to the myth. When reading 
the literature of the time, we see that the obstruction to Serbian, Greek and other 
Christian liberation movement was rooted in two main arguments:
1. Christian Dhimmis are congenitally unfitted for independence and self-government. They 
should therefore remain under the Islamic rule.
2. The Ottoman rule is a perfect model for a multi-religious and multi-ethnical society.
Indeed these are theological Islamic arguments that justify the JIHAD since all non-
Muslim people should not retain political independence because their laws are evil and 
must be eventually replaced by the Islamic rule. We find the same reasoning in the 
Palestinian 1988 Covenant of the Hamas. Those arguments are very common in the 
theological and legal literature and are exposed by modern Islamists.
Collusion
The myth didn't die with the collapse of the Turkish Empire after World War I. Rather it 
took another form: that of the National Arab Movement, which promoted an Arab society 
where Christians and Muslims would live in perfect harmony. Once again, this was the 
fabrication of European politicians, writers and clergyman. And in the same way as the 
myth of the Ottoman political paradise was created to block the independence of the 
Balkan nations, so the Arab multi-religious fraternity was an argument to destroy the 
national liberation of non-Arab peoples of the Middle East (Kurds, Armenians, Assyrians, 
Maronites and Zionists.)
And although from the beginning of this century until the 1930s, a stream of Christian 
refugees were fleeing massacres and genocide on the roads of Turkey, Irak and Syria, the 
myth continued to flourish, sustained mostly by Arab writers and clergyman. After the 
Israelis had succeeded in liberating their land from the laws of JIHAD and DHIMMITUDE, 
the myth reappeared in the form of a multi-cultural and multi-religious fraternal Palestine 
which had to replace the State of Israel (Cf. Arafat's 1975 UN speech). Its pernicious 
effects led to the destruction of the Christians in Lebanon. One might have thought that 
the myth would end there.
But suddenly the recent crisis in Yugoslavia offered a new chance for its reincarnation in 
a multi-religious Muslim Bosnian state. What a chance! A Muslim state again in the 
heartland of Europe. And we know the rest, the sufferings, the miseries, the trials of the 
war that this myth once again brought in its wake.
To conclude, I would like to say a few last words. The civilisation of dhimmitude does not 
develop all at once. It is a long process that involves many elements and a specific 
conditioning. It happens when peoples replace history by myths, when they fight to 
uphold these destructive myths, more then their own values because they are confused 
by having transformed lies into truth. They hold to those myths as if they were the only 
guarantee of their survival, when, in fact, they are the path to destruction. Terrorised by 
the evidence and teaching of history, those peoples preferred to destroy it rather than to 
face it. They replace history with childish tales, thus living in amnesia.
Excerpt from author's interview for daily Politika....
Politika: What is your experience in relation to Dhimmitude having in mind the fact that 
your are a Jew born in Egypt?
Madam Bat Ye'Or: "I was witness of expulsion of the Jewish community from Egypt 
(85,000 persons). It was done in the ambient of hatred, terrorism, pillage and robbery. It 
started in 1945 and had its peak in 1948 and 1956. Anyhow, this is common experience 
of Jews in the entire Arab world. There used to be some 1,000,000 Jews there. Today 
only 10,000 remained. I wrote about it in one of my books. Contacts with Arab Christians 
helped me a lot in my strive to widen the understanding of the problem..."
Source:
http://srpska-mreza.com/History/pre-wwOne/Ye_Or.html
Kosovo – Islamic Demographic Warfare from 1900 to present
The new situation arising from the unilateral Kosovo declaration of independence shapes 
a new reality that will have multitude and mostly negative consequences for countless 
nations across the globe. It is important also to illuminate around the existence of the 
Kosovo issue as a demographic one, shaped by the expansion of one group of people 
(Albanian Muslims) versus the other one (Serbian Christians). Moreover the existence of 
facts on the ground as resulting from the population growth of the former, signify a real 
precedent for other regions in the world.[1]
In 1913 when Kosovo & Metojia became a part of the Serbian state the population of 
Christians exceeded 50% , whilst the Albanians counted around 350,000 souls, 
approximately 40%, the rest being occupied by Roma, Bosniaks, Turks and people of 
mixed origin. A generation later in 1948, after WW2 that resulted in the killings of 20,000 
Serbs and the expulsion of some other 150,000 by the Nazi Albanian collaborators, the 
balance tilted in favour of the Albanians. In addition, the Tito administration willingly 
opened up the border up to 1949 and accepted 150,000 illegal immigrants in order to 
deliberately change the population makeup of the province as a counter-measure against 
the Serbs. Tito’s motto was “For a strong Yugoslavia we need a weak Serbia”.
Thus, in 1961 the Albanians numbered 650,000 people, and the analogy was 65% 
Albanians, 28% Serbians. From that period onwards a dramatic –And basically 
unexplained- population expansion derived from the Albanian community. In the mid-60’s 
the Albanian population had a 6.5 children per woman ratio, whilst the Serbians around 
2.5. Although the second number is enough to replace the previous generation, it was 
much less and that resulted in a virtual takeover of the land by the Albanians. 
In 1981 just after Tito’s death and the start of the first rebellions in Pristina, the 
Albanians numbered 1.2 million, a 100% increase in less than 20 years. The pressure 
exercised by them against the Serbian farmers that took the form of homicides, arsons, 
rapes and vandalism obliged to an exodus a considerable part of the Christian populous.
[1]
Since 13/06/1999, 350,000 Serbians, Roma, Gorani and other were forced to flee from 
Kosovo. It was a flight of survival, considering the 1,500 homicides against Serbs in the 
coming months, up to early 2000. Around 80 UNESCO “protected” Christian monuments 
were blown up by the Albanians in front of the eyes of 40,000 KFOR personnel. It has to 
be stressed once more that even during the days of the Ottoman Empire and the 
numerous battles in the eparchy, nowhere close did the destruction of shrines came that 
close. Another 1,300 Serbs were killed up to 2003, 80,000 houses and estates were 
grabbed by the Albanians along with 20,000 automobiles and 15,000 shops, barns and 
commercial property. Some other 30,000 houses were burned to the ground in well-
organised arson a campaigns another method regularly exercised by Kosovo-Albanians 
over the 20th century. It is also interesting to point out the situation in Pristina, the 
capital of Kosovo. Until 1999, Serbians constituted some 20% of the population. 
Nowadays there is a mere 0.1% having being entirely wiped out. In 2004 the last phase 
of the most recent genocide in a European soil (By Muslims against Christians) took 
place. In a space of 2 days, 27 Churches were burned to the ground, 7 Serbian villages, 
40 people dead, 1,000 wounded and 4,000 refugees on their way to Serbia.
Destruction of monasteries and churches in Kosovo[2]
According to the data from the Serbian Orthodox Church, nearly 150 churches and 
monasteries have been destroyed for the last five years in Kosovo and Metochia, the 
cradle of Serbian Orthodoxy.
Wahabism in Kosovo[3]
In 2002, soon after the invasion of Albanian terrorists in Macedonia, the local 
government presented a 79 page report to the CIA, which highlighted the collaboration of 
Albanians and Al Qaida on the Balkans. Since 1999, in Kosovo, there have been built 24 
Wahhabi mosques, 14 orphanages, and 24 elementary schools all sponsored by the 
Wahhabi network. The situation in Albania is similar where the religious leader is a 
disciple of the Wahhabi’s of Saudi Arabia.
Source:
1. http://bnp.org.uk/category/news/serbia-kosovo/ 
a. Images depicting destroyed Churches in Kosovo: http://www.interfax-religion.com/kosovo/#kosovo 
b. RADIO FREE EUROPE Research, RAD Background Report/186
(Yugoslavia), 4 August 1983
EMIGRATION AND DEMOGRAPHY IN KOSOVO, By Steve Reiquam: http://files.osa.ceu.hu/holdings/300/8/3/text/118-2-
80.shtml 
c. Counter Punch Magazine, March 4, 2008.
Kosovo and the Press, By MIKE AVERKO: http://www.counterpunch.org/averko03042008.html 
d. The Hamilton Spectator, February 25, 2008
Kosovo — A dangerous precedent, By Michael Biljetina: http://www.thespec.com/Opinions/article/329935 
e. Arutz Sheva -Israel National News.com-, February 25 2008
Kosovo and Us, By Atty. Elyakim Haetzni: http://www.israelnationalnews.com/Articles/Article.aspx/7790 
f. University of California, Berkeley-Departments of Anthropology and Demography-
Anthropology Today 9 (1): 4-9, Feb 1993 Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland
Demography and the Origins of the Yugoslav Civil War, By E. A. Hammel: http://www.demog.berkeley.edu/~gene/migr.html 
g. Videos of cultural genocide in Kosovo www.youtube.com/ 
Excerpts from “Albanian Nazi troops in WW2 Launched a Wide Spread Terror Against Kosovo Serbs”
By Carl Kosta Savich: http://www.michaelsavage.com/kosovo-genocide.html 
Supplement: Demographic indicators for Kosovo
I. EMIGRATION AND DEMOGRAPHY IN KOSOVO, By Steve Reiquam
http://files.osa.ceu.hu/holdings/300/8/3/text/118-2-80.shtml 
“498,000 (68.5%) in 1948; 647,000 (67.2%) in 1961; 916,000 (73.7%) in 1971; and 1,227,000 (77.5%) in 1981. (Albanian 
population) The Serbian population of Kosovo, in contrast, increased in only absolute terms (171,000, 189,000, 227,000, and 
228,000 in 1948, 1953, 1961, and 1971, respectively), while initially stagnating and then declining in relative terms (23.6%, 
23.5%, 23.6%, and 18.4%). By 1981, however, there were 209,792 Serbs in Kosovo, comprising only 13.2% of the total 
population. Therefore, between 1971 and 1981, the number of Serbs in Kosovo decreased by 18,472 in absolute terms.” “The 
Montenegrin population of Kosovo increased during the first three censuses after World War II (28,000, 31,000, and 37,000 in 
1948, 1951, and 1961, respectively), while in 1971 and 1981 their total population dropped first to 31,500 in 1971 and then to 
26,000 in 1981. In 1981 the Montenegrins accounted for only 1.7% of the total Kosovo population. The pressure exerted on 
Serbs and Montenegrins by Albanians, including “many cases of physical attack, attempted rape, damage to crops, [and the] 
desecration of Serbian monuments and gravestones,” has created a tense atmosphere conducive to Slav emigration from the 
area.”
II. http://www.vor.ru/Kosovo/history_eng.html 
“Kosovo was annexed to Serbia after the Balkan war of 1912-1913 when the number of Serbs and Albanians was nearly equal. 
Albanians began to arrive in Kosovo in great numbers during the Second World War after the province was occupied by the 
Nazis. Thousands of Serbs and Montenegrins were forced to leave Kosovo while Albanians came to settle there from Albania.”
http://48.134.11.570plusf64:WOswdtr416413867193ХA
III. http://www.eng.globalaffairs.ru/numbers/20/1132.html 
“Before WWII, there were approximately an equal number of Serbs and Albanians living in Kosovo”
IV) http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/inatl/longterm/balkans/overview/kosovo.htm 
“By the time the Serbs reclaimed Kosovo in the Balkans Wars of 1912 to 1913, ethnic Albanians made up a significant portion of 
the population. They became a majority by the 1950s as their birth rate boomed and Serbs continued to migrate north”
2. http://www.interfax-religion.com/kosovo/#kosovo 
3. http://iseef.net/latest/wahhabism-in-bih-1.html

