# 1.29 Overview – Historical acts of high treason by European Governments

> 原文页码: 275-276

1.29 Overview – Historical acts of high treason by European Governments
Self interest and treason
It’s apparent that nations who act in accordance with their own short term goals alone 
show no consideration for historical perspectives. 
Where there should be a joint anti-Jihad action by the affected nations there is no action, 
no consultation, no planning, just short term self interest.
Historical examples
- Europe’s refusal to aid Christian protectorates in the Middle East.
- Europe’s refusal to aid the Christian Byzantine Empire against the Jihadi invasions.
- The Venetians refusal to side with the Serbians against the Ottoman invasions 
(Svemirko's note).
- Napoleon invades Egypt in 1798 and takes control over Christian Malta and Christian 
Palestine. However, Britain fights France defending the Ottomans. 
Napoleon withdraws, the Turks regain Egypt, and Britain is rewarded with Malta.
- The Ottomans lose more lands from their crumbling Empire. During the series of wars 
between 1806 and 1812, the Russians crush the Ottomans, who sign the Treaty of 
Bucharest. One day after the Treaty, Napoleon attacks Russia. 
- In 1854 Britain and France along with the Ottomans go to war against Russia in the 
Crimean Peninsula. The allied forces defeat Russia and impose heavy conditions in the 
Treaty of Paris, signed in 1856. 
- Bosnia revolts against the taxation in 1875 and Bulgaria follows in 1876 to become free 
from the Ottomans. The Turks ruthlessly massacre more than 12 000 men, women and 
children in Bulgaria, and thousands more all over the Balkans. The Treaty of Kucuk 
Kaynarca of 1774 gave Russia the right to interfere in Ottoman affairs to protect the 
Sultan’s Christian subjects. The British Government defends the Ottoman actions, and a 
furious Russia declares war. 
The war of 1877-78 takes place in the Balkans and on the Caucasus fronts. The Russians 
along with other volunteer ethnic armies deal the Ottomans a crushing defeat. 
- In March of 1878 and under pressure from Britain, Russia enters into a settlement 
under the Treaty of San Stefano, in which the Ottoman Empire recognises the 
independence of Romania, Serbia, Montenegro, and autonomy of Bulgaria. 
- For commercial and political interests in mind, Britain’s Disraeli and the Austrians insist 
that a new treaty be drawn up in June of that year, at a congress of powers in Berlin. 
At the Congress of Berlin, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro were recognised as 
independent. And autonomous Bulgaria was greatly reduced and the Austro-Hungarian 
Empire occupies Bosnia-Herzegovina. An Armenian delegation headed by Bishop Mkrtich 
Khrimian is sent with a formal request for implementation of the reforms for Armenians. 
Germany’s Bismarck dismisses the delegation and refuses them a place on the agenda. 
Britain secretly agrees with the Ottoman Empire that it would militarily protect it from 
Russia and receives Cyprus in exchange. 
Disraeli reverses article 16 to 61, which returns two Armenian provinces with no Russians 
or Europeans to protect the Armenians. It leaves the same abusing Sultan as the 
“guarantor” of their security from Muslim continuing abuses. 
- After the Russo-Turkish War, the treatment of the more than 2,5 million Armenians by 
the Ottoman Government became an international issue. Despite the promises of reform 
by the Sublime Porte at the Congress of Berlin, the situation even grew worse. 
- 1945-> After the war the Soviet Union attempts to annul the Treaty of Kars with Turkey 
and return parts of Northwestern Armenia. These efforts are halted by intervention from 
Winston Churchill and Harry S. Truman. 
- The close relationship with the United States begins with the Second Cairo Conference 
in December 4-6, 1943 and the agreement of July 12, 1947 which implements the 
Truman Doctrine. After 1945, in light of the Soviet domination over Eastern Europe, the 
US supports Greece and Turkey with economic and military aid to prevent their falling 
into the Soviet sphere. The act grant Turkey more than 100 million USD in aid. 
- On June 25, 1950 the Korean War starts. Despite being criticised inside Turkey, the 
Army along with other 16 nations goes to war against North Korea. Turkey participates in 
this campaign in order to gain membership in NATO, which Turkey joins in 1952. 
The Bulgarian- Turkish Plot
Bulgaria, half Turkish itself, entered into the plot to exterminate the Greek Christians, by 
signing a pact with Turkey, at Adrianople in June, 1915. Under this agreement Bulgaria 
consented to the establishment of a Turco-Bulgar commercial union as the complement 
of the political union, the seizure of the commerce of the Orient from the hands of the 
Greeks, (3) the establishment in the Orient of Moslem agencies for the importation and 
exportation of goods for the exclusive use of Moslems, who were to break of all 
commercial relations with the Greeks, a restriction of the privileges of the Greek Patriarch 
and his ecclesiastical jurisdiction, the prohibition of the teaching of Greek in future, (6) 
the conversion by force of the people in the Christian settlements and the 
imposition of mixed marriages. 
Germany the Author of the Massacres
Herr Lepsius, a German Envoy who had been sent to Constantinople on a special mission 
in July, 1915, acknowledged that the Greek and Armenian massacres were two phases of 
a single program of extermination of the Christian elements, intended to make Turkey a 
purely Moslem state.
That Germany was the author and inspiration of these massacres of Christians became 
known in 1917. The Greek Minister at Constantinople, M. Kallerghis, had protested the 
Turkish Grand Vizier, Talaat Bey, against the deportations of the Greeks in the Aival 
district. Talaat Bey promised to telegraph to the German General Liman von Sanders, 
telling him to cease the deportations. Von Sanders, who was in fact Commander-in-Chief 
of all the Turkish forces, replied that if the deportations ceased, he would not guarantee 
the safety of the Turkish Army, adding that they had referred the matter to the German 
Grand Headquarters Staff, who entirely approved of his action. 

