# 1.30 Further studies

> 原文页码: 277-279

France supporting the Ottoman Empire
France sided with Islam in the 16 and 17 centuries when they actively helped the 
Ottoman Empire against Spain and Austria. Examples of this: Kheir-ad-Din Barbarossa 
harboured his fleet in Marseilles. Most notably the French did not go to help Vienna 
against the Ottomans in 1683, but launched a military campaign of conquest in German 
lands. 
More recent and ongoing acts of treason
-
Europe’s (especially Frances) refusal to aid Christian Lebanon militarily against 
Middle Eastern Jihad.
-
Europe’s refusal to aid Christian Sudan, Nigeria etc. militarily against African 
Jihad.
-
Implementation of the EU’s Eurabia project (European multiculturalism)
-
NATO bombing of Serb forces in 1999.
-
Support to the Global Islamic Ummah (Palestinians) etc.
-
Europe’s unwillingness to to assist their Christian cousins in a range of conflicts; 
Middle East, Asia, Africa.
-
Europe’s unwillingness to to assist fellow Europeans in South Africa, Rhodesia and 
other ex-colonies 3060 (probably close to 10 000+) European South Africans have 
been massacred since the old regime fell. 
-
The US pressure for Turkeys EU membership.
-
The granting of NATO membership to Albania in 2009.
-
US and EU export of modern weapons to Muslim countries; Pakistan, Saudi-
Arabia, Iraq, UAE, Kuwait, Egypt, Jordan, Bahrain, Oman, Marocco, Yemen and 
Tunisia.
1.30 Further studies
The Jihad and Islamisation of Sindh (Pakistan)
Muhammad bin Qasim Al-Thaqafi  (695–715), born Muhammad bin Qasim bin Yusuf 
Sakifi, was a Syrian general who conquered the Sindh and Punjab regions along the 
Indus river (now a part of Pakistan). The conquest of Sindh and Punjab began the Islamic 
era in South Asia and continues to lend the Sindh province of Pakistan the name Bab-e-
Islam (The Gateway of Islam)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muhammad_bin_Qasim
Great database/resources/investigation into the crimes of communism:
Original link (Spanish): www.alerta360.org
English translation through Google translater:
http://translate.google.com/translate?js=y&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=1&eotf=1&u=http%3A%2F
%2Fwww.alerta360.org%2F&sl=es&tl=en
Knights Templar studies
Resources
There are a great number of books in print relating to the Templars, past Crusades and 
medieval history. A majority are historical publications are based on archaeological and 
chronicled evidence. Many of these publications are available through the Freemasons 
libraries worldwide while others can be acquired through Amazon.com.
Although a majority of modern chivalric organisations function mostly as symbolic 
charities they are renowned for their thorough studies of historical works.   
Places of interest 
I would strongly advice all Justiciar Knights to visit Valetta, Malta and Jerusalem, Israel 
and to visit all the Knights Templar historical sites. There are various Templar buildings in 
several European countries; France the UK, Portugal, Spain, Italy etc. 

