# 1.4 Review 1: Religion of Peace? Islam’s war against the world - Islam 101

> 原文页码: 60-70

24. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/06/little-churchills-inhabiting-sterile.html
25. http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/dn/opinion/points/stories/040305dnediallen.35261.html
26. http://folk.uio.no/sigurds/
27. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/09/islam-is-most-warlike-religion.html
28. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1142
29. http://52.068.4.309plusf24:KWimfhh436383717863МБ
1.4 Review 1: Religion of Peace? Islam’s war against the world - Islam 101
Islam 101 is meant to help people become better educated about the fundamentals of 
Islam and to help the more knowledgeable better convey the facts to others. With the 
aim of lending clarity to the public understanding of Islam and of exposing the 
inadequacy of prevailing views.
Table of Contents
1. The Basics
a. The Five Pillars of Islam
b. The Quran -- the Book of Allah
c. The Sunnah -- the "Way" of the Prophet Muhammad
i. Battle of Badr
ii. Battle of Uhud
iii. Battle of Medina
iv. Conquest of Mecca
d. Sharia Law
2. Jihad and Dhimmitude
a. What does "jihad" mean?
b. Muslim Scholar Hasan Al-Banna on jihad
c. Dar al-Islam and dar al-harb: the House of Islam and the House of War
i. al-Taqiyya -- Religious Deception
ii. How al-Taqiyya is a central part of the Islamisation of Europe
iii. Quranic abrogation (Naskh)
d. Jihad Through History
i. The First Major Wave of Jihad: the Arabs, 622-750 AD
ii. The Second Major Wave of Jihad: the Turks, 1071-1683 AD
e. The Dhimma
f. Jihad in the Modern Era
3. Conclusion
4. Frequently Asked Questions
a. What about the Crusades?
b. If Islam is violent, why are so many Muslims peaceful?
c. What about the violent passages in the Bible?
d. Could an Islamic "Reformation" pacify Islam?
e. What about the history of Western colonialism in the Islamic world?
f. How can a violent political ideology be the second-largest and fastest-growing 
religion on earth?
g. Is it fair to paint all Islamic schools of thought as violent?
h. What about the great achievements of Islamic civilisation?
5. Further Resources
1. The Basics
a. The Five Pillars of Islam
The five pillars of Islam constitute the most basic tenets of the religion. They are:
1. Faith (iman) in the oneness of Allah and the finality of the prophethood of 
Muhammad (indicated by the declaration [the Shahadah] that, "There is no God 
but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah"). 
2. Keeping of the five scheduled daily prayers (salah).
3. Almsgiving (zakat).
4. Fasting (sawm).
5. Pilgrimage (hajj) to Mecca for those who are able.
The five pillars in and of themselves do not tell us a lot about the faith or what a Muslim 
is supposed to believe or how he should act. The second through fifth pillars -- prayer, 
almsgiving, fasting, pilgrimage -- are aspects shared by many religions. The finality of 
the prophethood of Muhammad, however, is unique to Islam. To understand Islam and 
what it means to be a Muslim, we must come to understand Muhammad as well as the 
revelations given through him by Allah, which make up the Quran.
b. The Quran -- the Book of Allah
According to Islamic teaching, the Quran came down as a series of revelations from Allah 
through the Archangel Gabriel to the Prophet Muhammad, who then dictated it to his 
followers. Muhammad's companions memorised fragments of the Quran and wrote them 
down on whatever was at hand, which were later compiled into book form under the rule 
of the third Caliph, Uthman, some years after Muhammad's death.
The Quran is about as long as the Christian New Testament. It comprises 114 suras (not 
to be confused with the Sira, which refers to the life of the Prophet) of varying lengths, 
which may be considered chapters. According to Islamic doctrine, it was around 610 AD 
in a cave near the city of Mecca (now in southwest Saudi Arabia) that Muhammad 
received the first revelation from Allah by way of the Archangel Gabriel. The revelation 
merely commanded Muhammad to "recite" or "read" (Sura 96); the words he was 
instructed to utter were not his own but Allah's. Over the next twelve or so years in 
Mecca, other revelations came to Muhammad that constituted a message to the 
inhabitants of the city to forsake their pagan ways and turn in worship to the one Allah.
While in Mecca, though he condemned paganism (for the most part), Muhammad showed 
great respect for the monotheism of the Christian and Jewish inhabitants. Indeed, the 
Allah of the Quran claimed to be the same God worshipped by Jews and Christians, who 
now revealed himself to the Arab people through his chosen messenger, Muhammad. It is 
the Quranic revelations that came later in Muhammad's career, after he and the first 
Muslims left Mecca for the city of Medina, that transformed Islam from a relatively benign 
form of monotheism into an expansionary, military-political ideology that persists to this 
day.
Orthodox Islam does not accept that a rendering of the Quran into another language is a 
"translation" in the way that, say, the King James Bible is a translation of the original 
Hebrew and Greek Scriptures. A point often made by Islamic apologists to defang 
criticism is that only Arabic readers may understand the Quran. But Arabic is a language 
like any other and fully capable of translation. Indeed, most Muslims are not Arabic 
readers. In the below analysis, we use a translation of the Quran by two Muslim scholars, 
which may be found here. All parenthetical explanations in the text are those of the 
translators save for my interjections in braces, { }. 
c. The Sunnah -- the "Way" of the Prophet Muhammad
In Islam, Muhammad is considered al-insan al-kamil (the "ideal man"). Muhammad is in 
no way considered divine, nor is he worshipped (no image of Muhammad is permitted 
lest it encourage idolatry), but he is the model par excellence for all Muslims in how they 
should conduct themselves. It is through Muhammad's personal teachings and actions -- 
which make up the "way of the Prophet," the Sunnah -- that Muslims discern what a 
good and holy life is. Details about the Prophet -- how he lived, what he did, his non-
Quranic utterances, his personal habits -- are indispensable knowledge for any faithful 
Muslim.
Knowledge of the Sunnah comes primarily from the Hadith’s ("reports") about 
Muhammad's life, which were passed down orally until codified in the eighth century AD, 
some hundred years after Muhammad's death. The Hadith’s comprise the most important 
body of Islamic texts after the Quran; they are basically a collection of anecdotes about 
Muhammad's life believed to have originated with those who knew him personally. There 
are thousands upon thousands of Hadith’s, some running to multiple pages, some barely 
a few lines in length. When the Hadith’s were first compiled in the eighth century AD, it 
became obvious that many were inauthentic. The early Muslim scholars of Hadith spent 
tremendous labour trying to determine which Hadith’s were authoritative and which were 
suspect.
The Hadith’s here come exclusively from the most reliable and authoritative collection, 
Sahih Al-Bukhari, recognised as sound by all schools of Islamic scholarship, translated by 
a Muslim scholar and which may be found here. Different translations of Hadith’s can 
vary in their breakdown of volume, book, and number, but the content is the same. For 
each Hadith, the classifying information is listed first, then the name of the originator of 
the Hadith (generally someone who knew Muhammad personally), and then the content 
itself. While the absolute authenticity of even a sound Hadith is hardly assured, they are 
nonetheless accepted as authoritative within an Islamic context.
Because Muhammad is himself the measuring stick of morality, his actions are not judged 
according to an independent moral standard but rather establish what the standard for 
Muslims properly is.
Volume 7, Book 62, Number 88; Narrated Ursa: The Prophet wrote the (marriage contract) 
with Aisha while she was six years old and consummated his marriage with her while she 
was nine years old and she remained with him for nine years (i.e. till his death). 
Volume 8, Book 82, Number 795; Narrated Anas: The Prophet cut off the hands and feet of 
the men belonging to the tribe of Uraina and did not cauterise (their bleeding limbs) till 
they died.
Volume 2, Book 23, Number 413; Narrated Abdullah bin Umar: The Jews {of Medina} 
brought to the Prophet a man and a woman from amongst them who have committed 
(adultery) illegal sexual intercourse. He ordered both of them to be stoned (to death), near 
the place of offering the funeral prayers beside the mosque.
Volume 9, Book 84, Number 57; Narrated Ikrima: Some Zanadiqa (atheists) were brought 
to Ali {the fourth Caliph} and he burnt them. The news of this event, reached Ibn 'Abbas 
who said, "If I had been in his place, I would not have burnt them, as Allah's Apostle 
forbade it, saying, "Do not punish anybody with Allah's punishment (fire)." I would have 
killed them according to the statement of Allah's Apostle, "Whoever changes his Islamic 
religion, then kill him."
Volume 1, Book 2, Number 25; Narrated Abu Huraira: Allah's Apostle was asked, "What is 
the best deed?" He replied, "To believe in Allah and His Apostle (Muhammad). The 
questioner then asked, "What is the next (in goodness)?" He replied, "To participate in 
Jihad (religious fighting) in Allah's Cause."
In Islam, there is no "natural" sense of morality or justice that transcends the specific 
examples and injunctions outlined in the Quran and the Sunnah. Because Muhammad is 
considered Allah's final prophet and the Quran the eternal, unalterable words of Allah 
himself, there is also no evolving morality that permits the modification or integration of 
Islamic morality with that from other sources. The entire Islamic moral universe devolves 
solely from the life and teachings of Muhammad.
Along with the reliable Hadith’s, a further source of accepted knowledge about 
Muhammad comes from the Sira (life) of the Prophet, composed by one of Islam's great 
scholars, Muhammad bin Ishaq, in the eighth century AD. 
Muhammad's prophetic career is meaningfully divided into two segments: the first in 
Mecca, where he laboured for fourteen years to make converts to Islam; and later in the 
city of Medina (The City of the Apostle of God), where he became a powerful political and 
military leader. In Mecca, we see a quasi-Biblical figure, preaching repentance and 
charity, harassed and rejected by those around him; later, in Medina, we see an able 
commander and strategist who systematically conquered and killed those who opposed 
him. It is the later years of Muhammad's life, from 622 AD to his death in 632, that are 
rarely broached in polite company. In 622, when the Prophet was better than fifty years 
old, he and his followers made the Hijra (emigration or flight), from Mecca to the oasis of 
Yathrib -- later renamed Medina -- some 200 miles to the north. Muhammad's new 
monotheism had angered the pagan leaders of Mecca, and the flight to Medina was 
precipitated by a probable attempt on Muhammad's life. Muhammad had sent emissaries 
to Medina to ensure his welcome. He was accepted by the Medinan tribes as the leader of 
the Muslims and as arbiter of inter-tribal disputes.
Shortly before Muhammad fled the hostility of Mecca, a new batch of Muslim converts 
pledged their loyalty to him on a hill outside Mecca called Aqaba. Ishaq here conveys in 
the Sira the significance of this event:
Sira, p208: When God gave permission to his Apostle to fight, the second {oath of 
allegiance at} Aqaba contained conditions involving war which were not in the first act of 
fealty. Now they {Muhammad's followers} bound themselves to war against all and sundry 
for God and his Apostle, while he promised them for faithful service thus the reward of 
paradise.
That Muhammad's nascent religion underwent a significant change at this point is plain. 
The scholarly Ishaq clearly intends to impress on his (Muslim) readers that, while in its 
early years, Islam was a relatively tolerant creed that would "endure insult and forgive 
the ignorant," Allah soon required Muslims "to war against all and sundry for God and his 
Apostle." The Islamic calendar testifies to the paramouncy of the Hijra by setting year 
one from the date of its occurrence. The year of the Hijra, 622 AD, is considered more 
significant than the year of Muhammad's birth or death or that of the first Quranic 
revelation because Islam is first and foremost a political-military enterprise. It was only 
when Muhammad left Mecca with his paramilitary band that Islam achieved its proper 
political-military articulation. The years of the Islamic calendar (which employs lunar 
months) are designated in English "AH" or "After Hijra."
i. The Battle of Badr
The Battle of Badr was the first significant engagement fought by the Prophet. Upon 
establishing himself in Medina following the Hijra, Muhammad began a series of razzias 
(raids) on caravans of the Meccan Quraish tribe on the route to Syria.
Volume 5, Book 59, Number 287; Narrated Kab bin Malik: The Apostle had gone out to 
meet the caravans of Quraish, but Allah caused them (i.e. Muslims) to meet their enemy 
unexpectedly (with no previous intention). 
Volume 5, Book 59, Number 289; Narrated Ibn Abbas: On the day of the battle of Badr, the 
Prophet said, "O Allah! I appeal to You (to fulfill) Your Covenant and Promise. O Allah! If 
Your Will is that none should worship You (then give victory to the pagans)." Then Abu Bakr 
took hold of him by the hand and said, "This is sufficient for you." The Prophet came out 
saying, "Their multitude will be put to flight and they will show their backs." (54:45)
Having returned to Medina after the battle, Muhammad admonished the resident Jewish 
tribe of Qaynuqa to accept Islam or face a similar fate as the Quraish (3:12-13). The 
Qaynuqa agreed to leave Medina if they could retain their property, which Muhammad 
granted. Following the exile of the Bani Qaynuqa, Muhammad turned to individuals in 
Medina he considered to have acted treacherously. The Prophet particularly seems to 
have disliked the many poets who ridiculed his new religion and his claim to prophethood 
-- a theme evident today in the violent reactions of Muslims to any perceived mockery of 
Islam. In taking action against his opponents, "the ideal man" set precedents for all time 
as to how Muslims should deal with detractors of their religion.
Sira, p367: Then he {Kab bin al-Ashraf} composed amatory verses of an insulting nature 
about the Muslim women. The Apostle said: "Who will rid me of Ibnul-Ashraf?" Muhammad 
bin Maslama, brother of the Bani Abdu'l-Ashhal, said, "I will deal with him for you, O 
Apostle of God, I will kill him." He said, "Do so if you can." "All that is incumbent upon you 
is that you should try" {said the Prophet to Muhammad bin Maslama}. He said, "O Apostle 
of God, we shall have to tell lies." He {the Prophet} answered, "Say what you like, for you 
are free in the matter." 
Volume 4, Book 52, Number 270; Narrated Jabir bin 'Abdullah: The Prophet said, "Who is 
ready to kill Kab bin Al-Ashraf who has really hurt Allah and His Apostle?" Muhammad bin 
Maslama said, "O Allah's Apostle! Do you like me to kill him?" He replied in the affirmative. 
So, Muhammad bin Maslama went to him (i.e. Kab) and said, "This person (i.e. the 
Prophet) has put us to task and asked us for charity." Kab replied, "By Allah, you will get 
tired of him." Muhammad said to him, "We have followed him, so we dislike to leave him till 
we see the end of his affair." Muhammad bin Maslama went on talking to him in this way till 
he got the chance to kill him.
A significant portion of the Sira is devoted to poetry composed by Muhammad's followers 
and his enemies in rhetorical duels that mirrored those in the field. There seems to have 
been an informal competition in aggrandising oneself, one's tribe, and one's God while 
ridiculing one's adversary in eloquent and memorable ways. Kab bin Malik, one of the 
assassins of his brother, Kab bin al-Ashraf, composed the following:
Sira, p368: Kab bin Malik said: Of them Kab was left prostrate there (After his fall {the 
Jewish tribe of} al-Nadir were brought low). Sword in hand we cut him down By 
Muhammad's order when he sent secretly by night Kab's brother to go to Kab. He beguiled 
him and brought him down with guile Mahmud was trustworthy, bold.
ii. The Battle of Uhud
The Meccan Quraish regrouped for an attack on the Muslims at Medina. Muhammad got 
wind of the Meccan force coming to attack him and encamped his forces on a small 
hillock north of Medina named Uhud, where the ensuing battle took place.
Volume 5, Book 59, Number 377; Narrated Jabir bin Abdullah: On the day of the battle of 
Uhud, a man came to the Prophet and said, "Can you tell me where I will be if I should get 
martyred?" The Prophet replied, "In Paradise." The man threw away some dates he was 
carrying in his hand, and fought till he was martyred. 
Volume 5, Book 59, Number 375; Narrated Al-Bara: when we faced the enemy, they took 
to their heel till I saw their women running towards the mountain, lifting up their clothes 
from their legs, revealing their leg-bangles. The Muslims started saying, "The booty, the 
booty!" Abdullah bin Jubair said, "The Prophet had taken a firm promise from me not to 
leave this place." But his companions refused (to stay). So when they refused (to stay 
there), (Allah) confused them so that they could not know where to go, and they suffered 
seventy casualties.
Though deprived of victory at Uhud, Muhammad was by no means vanquished. He 
continued making raids that made being a Muslim not only virtuous in the eyes of Allah 
but lucrative as well. In an Islamic worldview, there is no incompatibility between wealth, 
power, and holiness. Indeed, as a member of the true faith, it is only logical that one 
should also enjoy the material bounty of Allah -- even if that means plundering it from 
infidels.
As Muhammad had neutralised the Jewish tribe of Bani Qaynuqa after Badr, he now 
turned to the Bani Nadir after Uhud. According to the Sira, Allah warned Muhammad of 
an attempt to assassinate him, and the Prophet ordered the Muslims to prepare for war 
against the Bani Nadir. The Bani Nadir agreed to go into exile if Muhammad permitted 
them to retain their movable property. Muhammad agreed to these terms save that they 
leave behind their armour.
iii. The Battle of Medina
In 627 AD, Muhammad faced the greatest challenge to his new community. In that year, 
the Quraish of Mecca made their most determined attack on the Muslims at Medina itself. 
Muhammad thought it advisable not to engage them in a pitched battle as at Uhud but 
took shelter in Medina, protected as it was by lava flows on three sides. The Meccans 
would have to attack from the northwest in a valley between the flows, and it was there 
that Muhammad ordered a trench dug for the city's defence. 
Volume 4, Book 52, Number 208; Narrated Anas: On the day (of the battle) of the Trench, 
the Ansar {new converts to Islam} were saying, "We are those who have sworn allegiance 
to Muhammad for Jihad (for ever) as long as we live." The Prophet replied to them, "O 
Allah! There is no life except the life of the Hereafter. So honour the Ansar and emigrants 
{from Mecca} with Your Generosity." 
And Narrated Mujashi: My brother and I came to the Prophet and I requested him to take 
the pledge of allegiance from us for migration. He said, "Migration has passed away with its 
people." I asked, "For what will you take the pledge of allegiance from us then?" He said, "I 
will take (the pledge) for Islam and Jihad."
The Meccans were foiled by the trench and only able to send small raiding parties across 
it. After several days, they turned back for Mecca. Following his victory, Muhammad 
turned to the third Jewish tribe at Medina, the Bani Quraiza. While the Bani Qaynuqa and 
Bani Nadir had suffered exile, the fate of the Bani Quraiza would be considerably more 
dire.
Sira, p463-4: Then they {the tribe of Quraiza} surrendered, and the apostle confined them 
in Medina in the quarter of d. al-Harith, a woman of Bani al-Najjar. Then the apostle went 
out to the market of Medina and dug trenches in it. Then he sent for them and struck off 
their heads in those trenches as they were brought out to him in batches. Among them was 
the enemy of Allah Huyayy bin Akhtab and Kab bin Asad their chief. There were 600 or 700 
in all, though some put the figure as high as 800 or 900. As they were being taken out in 
batches to the Apostle they asked Kab what he thought would be done with them. He 
replied, "Will you never understand? Don't you see that the summoner never stops and 
those who are taken away do not return? By Allah it is death!" This went on until the 
Apostle made an end of them.
Thus do we find the clear precedent that explains the peculiar penchant of Islamic 
terrorists to behead their victims: it is merely another precedent bestowed by their 
Prophet.
Following yet another of the Muslims' raids, this time on a place called Khaibar, "The 
women of Khaibar were distributed among the Muslims" as was usual practice. (Sira, 
p511) The raid at Khaibar had been against the Bani Nadir, whom Muhammad had earlier 
exiled from Medina.
Sira, p515: Kinana bin al-Rabi, who had the custody of the treasure of Bani al-Nadir, was 
brought to the Apostle who asked him about it. He denied that he knew where it was. A 
Jew came to the Apostle and said that he had seen Kinana going round a certain ruin every 
morning early. When the Apostle said to Kinana, "Do you know that if we find you have it I 
shall kill you?" he said, Yes. The Apostle gave orders that the ruin was to be excavated and 
some of the treasure was found. When he asked him about the rest he refused to produce 
it, so the Apostle gave orders to al-Zubayr bin al-Awwam, "Torture him until you extract 
what he has," so he kindled a fire with flint and steel on his chest until he was nearly dead. 
Then the Apostle delivered him to Muhammad bin Maslama and he struck off his head, in 
revenge for his brother Mahmud.
iv. The Conquest of Mecca
Muhammad's greatest victory came in 632 AD, ten years after he and his followers had 
been forced to flee to Medina. In that year, he assembled a force of some ten thousand 
Muslims and allied tribes and descended on Mecca. "The Apostle had instructed his 
commanders when they entered Mecca only to fight those who resisted them, except a 
small number who were to be killed even if they were found beneath the curtains of the 
Kaba." (Sira, p550)
Volume 3, Book 29, Number 72; Narrated Anas bin Malik: Allah's Apostle entered Mecca in 
the year of its Conquest wearing an Arabian helmet on his head and when the Prophet took 
it off, a person came and said, "Ibn Khatal is holding the covering of the Kaba (taking 
refuge in the Kaba)." The Prophet said, "Kill him."
Following the conquest of Mecca, Muhammad outlined the future of his religion. 
Volume 4, Book 52, Number 177; Narrated Abu Huraira: Allah's Apostle said, "The Hour {of 
the Last Judgment} will not be established until you fight with the Jews, and the stone 
behind which a Jew will be hiding will say. "O Muslim! There is a Jew hiding behind me, so 
kill him." 
Volume 1, Book 2, Number 24; Narrated Ibn Umar: Allah's Apostle said: "I have been 
ordered (by Allah) to fight against the people until they testify that none has the right to be 
worshipped but Allah and that Muhammad is Allah's Apostle, and offer the prayers perfectly 
and give the obligatory charity, so if they perform that, then they save their lives and 
property from me except for Islamic laws and then their reckoning (accounts) will be done 
by Allah."
It is from such warlike pronouncements as these that Islamic scholarship divides the 
world into dar al-Islam (the House of Islam, i.e., those nations who have submitted to 
Allah) and dar al-harb (the House of War, i.e., those who have not). It is this dispensation 
that the world lived under in Muhammad's time and that it lives under today. Then as 
now, Islam's message to the unbelieving world is the same: submit or be conquered.
d. Sharia Law
Unlike many religions, Islam includes a mandatory and highly specific legal and political 
plan for society called Sharia, which translates approximately as "way" or "path." The 
precepts of Sharia are derived from the commandments of the Quran and the Sunnah 
(the teachings and precedents of Muhammad as found in the reliable Hadith’s and the 
Sira). Together, the Quran and the Sunnah establish the dictates of Sharia, which is the 
blueprint for the good Islamic society. Because Sharia originates with the Quran and the 
Sunnah, it is not optional. Sharia is the legal code ordained by Allah for all mankind. To 
violate Sharia or not to accept its authority is to commit rebellion against Allah, which 
Allah's faithful are required to combat.
There is no separation between the religious and the political in Islam; rather Islam and 
Sharia constitute a comprehensive means of ordering society at every level. While it is in 
theory possible for an Islamic society to have different outward forms -- an elective 
system of government, a hereditary monarchy, etc. -- whatever the outward structure of 
the government, Sharia is the prescribed content. It is this fact that puts Sharia into 
conflict with forms of government based on anything other than the Quran and the 
Sunnah.
The precepts of Sharia may be divided into two parts:
1. Acts of worship (al-ibadat), which includes: 
Ritual Purification (Wudu)
Prayers (Salah)
Fasts (Sawm and Ramadan)
Charity (Zakat)
Pilgrimage to Mecca (Hajj)
2. Human interaction (al-muamalat), which includes:
Financial transactions
Endowments
Laws of inheritance
Marriage, divorce, and child care
Food and drink (including ritual slaughtering and hunting)
Penal punishments
War and peace
Judicial matters (including witnesses and forms of evidence)
As one may see, there are few aspects of life that Sharia does not specifically govern. 
Everything from washing one's hands to child-rearing to taxation to military policy falls 
under its dictates. Because Sharia is derivate of the Quran and the Sunnah, it affords 
some room for interpretation. But upon examination of the Islamic sources (see above), 
it is apparent that any meaningful application of Sharia is going to look very different 
from anything resembling a free or open society in the Western sense. The stoning of 
adulterers, execution of apostates and blasphemers, repression of other religions, and a 
mandatory hostility toward non-Islamic nations punctuated by regular warfare will be the 
norm. It seems fair then to classify Islam and its Sharia code as a form of totalitarianism.
2. Jihad and Dhimmitude
a. What does "Jihad" mean?
Jihad literally translates as "struggle." Strictly speaking, jihad does not mean "holy war" 
as Muslim apologists often point out. However, the question remains as to what sort of 
"struggle" is meant: an inner, spiritual struggle against the passions, or an outward, 
physical struggle.
As in any case of trying to determine Islamic teaching on a particular matter, one must 
look to the Quran and the Sunnah. From those sources (see above) it is evident that a 
Muslim is required to struggle against a variety of things: laziness in prayer, neglecting to 
give zakat (alms), etc. But is it also plain that a Muslim is commanded to struggle in 
physical combat against the infidel as well. Muhammad's impressive military career 
attests to the central role that military action plays in Islam. 
b. Hasan Al-Banna on jihad
Below are excerpts from Hasan Al-Banna's treatise, Jihad. In 1928, Al-Banna founded the 
Muslim Brotherhood, which today is the most powerful organisation in Egypt after the 
government itself. In this treatise, Al-Banna cogently argues that Muslims must take up 
arms against unbelievers. As he says, "The verses of the Qur'an and the Sunnah summon 
people in general (with the most eloquent expression and the clearest exposition) to 
jihad, to warfare, to the armed forces, and all means of land and sea fighting."
All Muslims Must Make Jihad 
Jihad is an obligation from Allah on every Muslim and cannot be ignored nor evaded. Allah 
has ascribed great importance to jihad and has made the reward of the martyrs and the 
fighters in His way a splendid one. Only those who have acted similarly and who have 
modelled themselves upon the martyrs in their performance of jihad can join them in this 
reward. Furthermore, Allah has specifically honoured the Mujahideen {those who wage 
jihad} with certain exceptional qualities, both spiritual and practical, to benefit them in this 
world and the next. Their pure blood is a symbol of victory in this world and the mark of 
success and felicity in the world to come. 
Those who can only find excuses, however, have been warned of extremely dreadful 
punishments and Allah has described them with the most unfortunate of names. He has 
reprimanded them for their cowardice and lack of spirit, and castigated them for their 
weakness and truancy. In this world, they will be surrounded by dishonour and in the next 
they will be surrounded by the fire from which they shall not escape though they may 
possess much wealth. The weaknesses of abstention and evasion of jihad are regarded by 
Allah as one of the major sins, and one of the seven sins that guarantee failure. 
Islam is concerned with the question of jihad and the drafting and the mobilisation of the 
entire Ummah {the global Muslim community} into one body to defend the right cause with 
all its strength than any other ancient or modern system of living, whether religious or civil. 
The verses of the Qur'an and the Sunnah of Muhammad (PBUH {Peace Be Unto Him}) are 
overflowing with all these noble ideals and they summon people in general (with the most 
eloquent expression and the clearest exposition) to jihad, to warfare, to the armed forces, 
and all means of land and sea fighting.
Here Al-Banna offers citations from the Quran and the reliable Hadith’s that demonstrate 
the necessity of combat for Muslims. The citations are comparable to those included in 
Islam 101 section 1b and are here omitted.
The Scholars on Jihad 
I have just presented to you some verses from the Qur'an and the Noble Ahadith 
concerning the importance of jihad. Now I would like to present to you some of the 
opinions from jurisprudence of the Islamic Schools of Thought including some latter day 
authorities regarding the rules of jihad and the necessity for preparedness. From this we 
will come to realise how far the ummah has deviated in its practice of Islam as can be seen 
from the consensus of its scholars on the question of jihad.
The author of the 'Majma' al-Anhar fi Sharh Multaqal-Abhar', in describing the rules of jihad 
according to the Hanafi School, said: 'Jihad linguistically means to exert one's utmost effort 
in word and action; in the Sharee'ah {Sharia -- Islamic law} it is the fighting of the 
unbelievers, and involves all possible efforts that are necessary to dismantle the power of 
the enemies of Islam including beating them, plundering their wealth, destroying their 
places of worship and smashing their idols. This means that jihad is to strive to the utmost 
to ensure the strength of Islam by such means as fighting those who fight you and the 
dhimmies {non-Muslims living under Islamic rule} (if they violate any of the terms of the 
treaty) and the apostates (who are the worst of unbelievers, for they disbelieved after they 
have affirmed their belief).
It is fard (obligatory) on us to fight with the enemies. The Imam must send a military 
expedition to the Dar-al-Harb {House of War -- the non-Muslim world} every year at least 
once or twice, and the people must support him in this. If some of the people fulfill the 
obligation, the remainder are released from the obligation. If this fard kifayah (communal 
obligation) cannot be fulfilled by that group, then the responsibility lies with the closest 
adjacent group, and then the closest after that etc., and if the fard kifayah cannot be 
fulfilled except by all the people, it then becomes a fard 'ayn (individual obligation), like 
prayer on everyone of the people.
The scholarly people are of one opinion on this matter as should be evident and this is 
irrespective of whether these scholars were Mujtahideen or Muqalideen and it is irrespective 
of whether these scholars were salaf (early) or khalaf (late). They all agreed unanimously 
that jihad is a fard kifayah imposed upon the Islamic ummah in order to spread the Da'wah 
of Islam, and that jihad is a fard 'ayn if an enemy attacks Muslim lands. Today, my brother, 
the Muslims as you know are forced to be subservient before others and are ruled by 
disbelievers. Our lands have been besieged, and our hurruma'at (personal possessions, 
respect, honour, dignity and privacy) violated. Our enemies are overlooking our affairs, and 
the rites of our din are under their jurisdiction. Yet still the Muslims fail to fulfill the 
responsibility of Da'wah that is on their shoulders. Hence in this situation it becomes the 
duty of each and every Muslim to make jihad. He should prepare himself mentally and 
physically such that when comes the decision of Allah, he will be ready.
I should not finish this discussion without mentioning to you that the Muslims, throughout 
every period of their history (before the present period of oppression in which their dignity 
has been lost) have never abandoned jihad nor did they ever become negligent in its 
performance, not even their religious authorities, mystics, craftsmen, etc. They were all 
always ready and prepared. For example, Abdullah ibn al Mubarak, a very learned and 
pious man, was a volunteer in jihad for most of his life, and 'Abdulwahid bin Zayd, a sufi 
and a devout man, was the same. And in his time, Shaqiq al Balkhi, the shaykh of the sufis 
encouraged his pupils towards jihad.
Associated Matters Concerning Jihad 
Many Muslims today mistakenly believe that fighting the enemy is jihad asghar (a lesser 
jihad) and that fighting one's ego is jihad akbar (a greater jihad). The following narration 
[athar] is quoted as proof: "We have returned from the lesser jihad to embark on the 
greater jihad." They said: "What is the greater jihad?" He said: "The jihad of the heart, or 
the jihad against one's ego."
This narration is used by some to lessen the importance of fighting, to discourage any 
preparation for combat, and to deter any offering of jihad in Allah's way. This narration is 
not a saheeh (sound) tradition: The prominent muhaddith Al Hafiz ibn Hajar al-Asqalani 
said in the Tasdid al-Qaws:
'It is well known and often repeated, and was a saying of Ibrahim ibn 'Abla.'
Al Hafiz Al Iraqi said in the Takhrij Ahadith al-Ahya':
'Al Bayhaqi transmitted it with a weak chain of narrators on the authority of Jabir, and Al 
Khatib transmitted it in his history on the authority of Jabir.'
Nevertheless, even if it were a sound tradition, it would never warrant abandoning jihad or 
preparing for it in order to rescue the territories of the Muslims and repel the attacks of the 
disbelievers. Let it be known that this narration simply emphasises the importance of 
struggling against one's ego so that Allah will be the sole purpose of everyone of our 
actions.
Other associated matters concerning jihad include commanding the good and forbidding the 
evil. It is said in the Hadeeth: "One of the greatest forms of jihad is to utter a word of truth 
in the presence of a tyrannical ruler." But nothing compares to the honour of shahadah 
kubra (the supreme martyrdom) or the reward that is waiting for the Mujahideen.
Epilogue

