# 1.5 Al-Taqiyya – Religious/political deception

> 原文页码: 71-79

My brothers! The ummah that knows how to die a noble and honourable death is granted 
an exalted life in this world and eternal felicity in the next. Degradation and dishonour are 
the results of the love of this world and the fear of death. Therefore prepare for jihad and 
be the lovers of death. Life itself shall come searching after you.
My brothers, you should know that one day you will face death and this ominous event can 
only occur once. If you suffer on this occasion in the way of Allah, it will be to your benefit 
in this world and your reward in the next. And remember brother that nothing can happen 
without the Will of Allah: ponder well what Allah, the Blessed, the Almighty, has said:
'Then after the distress, He sent down security for you. Slumber overtook a party of 
you, while another party was thinking about themselves (as to how to save 
themselves, ignoring the others and the Prophet) and thought wrongly of Allah - 
the thought of ignorance. They said, "Have we any part in the affair?" Say you (O 
Muhammad): "Indeed the affair belongs wholly to Allah." They hide within 
themselves what they dare not reveal to you, saying: "If we had anything to do 
with the affair, none of us would have been killed here." Say: "Even if you had 
remained in your homes, those for whom death was decreed would certainly have 
gone forth to the place of their death: but that Allah might test what is in your 
hearts; and to purify that which was in your hearts (sins), and Allah is All-Knower 
of what is in (your) hearts."' {Sura 3:154}
c. Dar al-Islam and dar al-harb: the House of Islam and the House of War
The violent injunctions of the Quran and the violent precedents set by Muhammad set the 
tone for the Islamic view of politics and of world history. Islamic scholarship divides the 
world into two spheres of influence, the House of Islam (dar al-Islam) and the House of 
War (dar al-harb). Islam means submission, and so the House of Islam includes those 
nations that have submitted to Islamic rule, which is to say those nations ruled by Sharia 
law. The rest of the world, which has not accepted Sharia law and so is not in a state of 
submission, exists in a state of rebellion or war with the will of Allah. It is incumbent on 
dar al-Islam to make war upon dar al-harb until such time that all nations submit to the 
will of Allah and accept Sharia law. Islam's message to the non-Muslim world is the same 
now as it was in the time of Muhammad and throughout history: submit or be conquered. 
The only times since Muhammad when dar al-Islam was not actively at war with dar al-
harb were when the Muslim world was too weak or divided to make war effectively.
But the lulls in the ongoing war that the House of Islam has declared against the House 
of War do not indicate a forsaking of jihad as a principle but reflect a change in strategic 
factors. It is acceptable for Muslim nations to declare hudna, or truce, at times when the 
infidel nations are too powerful for open warfare to make sense. Jihad is not a collective 
suicide pact even while "killing and being killed" (Sura 9:111) is encouraged on an 
individual level. For the past few hundred years, the Muslim world has been too politically 
fragmented and technologically inferior to pose a major threat to the West. But that is 
changing.
1.5 Al-Taqiyya – Religious/political deception
Due to the state of war between dar al-Islam and dar al-harb, systematic lying to the 
infidel must be considered part and parcel of Islamic tactics. The parroting by Muslim 
organisations throughout dar al-harb that "Islam is a religion of peace," or that the 
origins of Muslim violence lie in the unbalanced psyches of particular individual "fanatics," 
must be considered as disinformation intended to induce the infidel world to let down its 
guard. Of course, individual Muslims may genuinely regard their religion as "peaceful", 
but only insofar as they are ignorant of its true teachings, or in the sense of the Egyptian 
theorist Sayyid Qutb, who posited in his Islam and Universal Peace that true peace would 
prevail in the world just as soon as Islam had conquered it.
A telling point is that, while Muslims who present their religion as peaceful abound 
throughout dar al-harb, they are nearly non-existent in dar al-Islam. A Muslim apostate 
once suggested to me a litmus test for Westerners who believe that Islam is a religion of 
"peace" and "tolerance": try making that point on a street corner in Ramallah, or Riyadh, 
or Islamabad, or anywhere in the Muslim world. He assured me you wouldn't live five 
minutes.
{A} problem concerning law and order {with respect to Muslims in dar al-harb} arises from 
an ancient Islamic legal principle -- that of taqiyya, a word the root meaning of which is "to 
remain faithful" but which in effect means "dissimulation." It has full Quranic authority 
(3:28 and 16:106) and allows the Muslim to conform outwardly to the requirements of un-
Islamic or non-Islamic government, while inwardly "remaining faithful" to whatever he 
conceives to be proper Islam, while waiting for the tide to turn. (Hiskett, Some to Mecca 
Turn to Pray, 101.) 
Volume 4, Book 52, Number 269; Narrated Jabir bin 'Abdullah: The Prophet said, "War is 
deceit."
Historically, examples of al-taqiyya include permission to renounce Islam itself in order to 
save one's neck or ingratiate oneself with an enemy. It is not hard to see that the 
implications of taqiyya are insidious in the extreme: they essentially render negotiated 
settlement -- and, indeed, all veracious communication between dar al-Islam and dar al-
harb -- impossible. It should not, however, be surprising that a party to a war should 
seek to mislead the other about its means and intentions. Jihad Watch's own Hugh 
Fitzgerald sums up taqiyya and kitman, a related form of deception.
"Taqiyya" is the religiously-sanctioned doctrine, with its origins in Shi'a Islam but now 
practiced by non-Shi'a as well, of deliberate dissimulation about religious matters that may 
be undertaken to protect Islam, and the Believers. A related term, of broader application, is 
"kitman," which is defined as "mental reservation." An example of "Taqiyya" would be the 
insistence of a Muslim apologist that "of course" there is freedom of conscience in Islam, 
and then quoting that Qur'anic verse -- "There shall be no compulsion in religion." {2:256} 
But the impression given will be false, for there has been no mention of the Muslim doctrine 
of abrogation, or naskh, whereby such an early verse as that about "no compulsion in 
religion" has been cancelled out by later, far more intolerant and malevolent verses. In any 
case, history shows that within Islam there is, and always has been, "compulsion in 
religion" for Muslims, and for non-Muslims. 
"Kitman" is close to "taqiyya," but rather than outright dissimulation, it consists in telling 
only a part of the truth, with "mental reservation" justifying the omission of the rest. One 
example may suffice. When a Muslim maintains that "jihad" really means "a spiritual 
struggle," and fails to add that this definition is a recent one in Islam (little more than a 
century old), he misleads by holding back, and is practicing "kitman." When he adduces, in 
support of this doubtful proposition, the hadith in which Muhammad, returning home from 
one of his many battles, is reported to have said (as known from a chain of transmitters, or 
isnad), that he had returned from "the Lesser Jihad to the Greater Jihad" and does not add 
what he also knows to be true, that this is a "weak" hadith, regarded by the most-
respected muhaddithin as of doubtful authenticity, he is further practicing "kitman."
In times when the greater strength of dar al-harb necessitates that the jihad take an 
indirect approach, the natural attitude of a Muslim to the infidel world must be one of 
deception and omission. Revealing frankly the ultimate goal of dar al-Islam to conquer 
and plunder dar al-harb when the latter holds the military trump cards would be strategic 
idiocy. Fortunately for the jihadists, most infidels do not understand how one is to read 
the Quran, nor do they trouble themselves to find out what Muhammad actually did and 
taught, which makes it easy to give the impression through selective quotations and 
omissions that "Islam is a religion of peace." Any infidel who wants to believe such fiction 
will happily persist in his mistake having been cited a handful of Meccan verses and told 
that Muhammad was a man of great piety and charity. Digging only slightly deeper is 
sufficient to dispel the falsehood.
ii. How al-Taqiyya is a central part of the Islamisation of Europe
The following article will demonstrate that the concept of "al-Taqiyya" is an integral part 
of Islam, and that it is NOT a Shi'ite concoction. I had to shorten the analysis 
considerably. You can however see sources for more material.
The word "al-Taqiyya" literally means: "Concealing or disguising one's beliefs, convictions, 
ideas, feelings, opinions, and/or strategies at a time of eminent danger, whether now or 
later in time, to save oneself from physical and/or mental injury."  A one-word translation 
would be "Dissimulation."
Rejecting al-Taqiyya is rejecting the Quran, as will be shown:
Reference 1:
-----------
Jalal al-Din al-Suyuti in his book, "al-Durr al-Manthoor Fi al-Tafsir al-Ma'athoor," narrates 
Ibn Abbas', the most renowned and trusted narrator of tradition in the sight of the 
Sunnis, opinion regarding al-Taqiyya in the Quranic verse: "Let not the believers take for 
friends or helpers unbelievers rather than believers: if any do that, (they) shall have no 
relation left with Allah except by way of precaution ("tat-taqooh"), that ye may guard 
yourselves ("tooqatan") from them....[3:28]" that Ibn Abbas said:
"al-Taqiyya is with the tongue only; he who has been coerced into saying that which angers 
Allah, and his heart is comfortable (i.e., his true faith has not been shaken.), then (saying 
that which he has been coerced to say) will not harm him (at all); (because) al-Taqiyya is 
with the tongue only, (not the heart)."
NOTE 1: The two words "tat-taqooh" and "tooqatan," as mentioned in the Arabic Quran, 
are both from the same root of "al-Taqiyya."
NOTE 2: The "heart" as referred to above and in later occurrences refers to the center of 
faith in an individual's existence.  It is mentioned many times in the Quran.
Reference 2:
-----------
Ibn Abbas also commented on the above verse, as narrated in Sunan al-Bayhaqi and 
Mustadrak al-Hakim, by saying:
"al-Taqiyya is the uttering of the tongue, while the heart is comfortable with faith."
NOTE: The meaning is that the tongue is permitted to utter anything in a time of need, 
as long as the heart is not affected; and one is still comfortable with faith.
Reference 3:
-----------
Abu Bakr al-Razi in his book, "Ahkam al-Quran," v2, p10, has explained the 
aforementioned verse "...except by way of precaution ("tat-taqooh"), that ye may guard 
yourselves ("tooqatan") from them....[3:28]" by affirming that al-Taqiyya should be used 
when one is afraid for life and/or limb.  In addition, he has narrated that Qutadah said 
with regards to the above verse:
"It is permissible to speak words of unbelief when al-Taqiyya is mandatory."
Reference 4:
-----------
It has been narrated by Abd al-Razak, Ibn Sa'd, Ibn Jarir, Ibn Abi Hatim, Ibn Mardawayh, 
al-Bayhaqi in his book "al- Dala-il," and it was corrected by al-Hakim in his book "al- 
Mustadrak" that:
"The non-believers arrested `Ammar Ibn Yasir and (tortured him until) he uttered foul 
words about Muhammad, and praised their gods (idols); and when they released him, he 
went straight to the Prophet.  The Prophet said: "Is there something on your mind?" 
`Ammar Ibn Yasir said: "Bad (news)! They would not release me until I defamed you and 
praised their gods!"  The Prophet said: "How do you find your heart to be?" `Ammar 
answered: "Comfortable with faith."  So the Prophet said: "Then if they come back for you, 
then do the same thing all over again."  Allah at that moment revealed the verse: 
"....except under compulsion, his heart remaining firm in faith...[16:106]"
NOTE: The full verse that was quoted partially as part of the tradition above, is: "Anyone 
who, after accepting Faith in Allah, utters unbelief, except under compulsion, his heart 
remaining firm in faith -- but such as open their breast to unbelief, -- on them is Wrath 
from Allah, and theirs will be a dreadful Chastisement [16:106]." (Emphasis Mine)
Reference 5:
-----------
It is narrated in Sunan al-Bayhaqi that Ibn Abbas explained the above verse "Anyone 
who, after accepting Faith in Allah, utters unbelief....[16:106]" by saying:
"The meaning that Allah is conveying is that he who utters unbelief after having believed, 
shall deserve the Wrath of Allah and a terrible punishment.  However, those who have been 
coerced, and as such uttered with their tongues that which their hearts did not confirm to 
escape persecution, have nothing to fear; for Allah holds His servants responsible for that 
which their hearts have ratified."
Reference 6:
-----------
Another explanation of the above verse is provided by Jalal al-Din al-Suyuti in his book, 
"al-Durr al-Manthoor Fi al- Tafsir al-Ma-athoor," vol. 2, p178; he says:
"Ibn Abi Shaybah, Ibn Jarir, Ibn Munzir, and Ibn Abi Hatim narrated on the authority of 
Mujtahid (a man's name) that this verse was revealed in relation to the following event: A 
group of people from Mecca accepted Islam and professed their belief; as a result, the 
companions in Medina wrote to them requesting that they emigrate to Medina; for if they 
don't do so, they shall not be considered as those who are among the believers.  In 
compliance, the group left Mecca, but were soon ambushed by the non-believers (Quraish) 
before reaching their destination; they were coerced into disbelief, and they professed it. 
As a result, the verse "...except under compulsion, his heart remaining firm in faith 
[16:106]..." was revealed."
Reference 7:
-----------
Ibn Sa'd in his book, "al-Tabaqat al-Kubra," narrates on the authority of Ibn Sirin that:
The Prophet saw `Ammar Ibn Yasir crying, so he wiped off his (RA) tears, and said: "The 
non-believers arrested you and immersed you in water until you said such and such (i.e., 
bad-mouthing the Prophet and praising the pagan gods to escape persecution); if they 
come back, then say it again."
Reference 8:
-----------
It is narrated in al-Sirah al-Halabiyyah, v3, p61, that:
After the conquest of the city of Khaybar by the Muslims, the Prophet was approached by 
Hajaj Ibn`Aalat and told: "O Prophet of Allah: I have in Mecca some excess wealth and 
some relatives, and I would like to have them back; am I excused if I bad-mouth you (to 
escape persecution)?"  The Prophet excused him and said: "Say whatever you have to say."
Reference 9:
-----------
It is narrated by al-Ghazzali in his book, "Ihya `Uloom al-Din," that:
Safeguarding of a Muslim's life is a mandatory obligation that should be observed; and that 
lying is permissible when the shedding of a Muslim's blood is at stake.
Reference 10:
------------
Jalal al-Din al-Suyuti in his book, "al-Ashbah Wa al-Naza'ir," affirms that:
"it is acceptable (for a Muslim) to eat the meat of a dead animal at a time of great hunger 
(starvation to the extent that the stomach is devoid of all food); and to loosen a bite of 
food (for fear of choking to death) by alcohol; and to utter words of unbelief; and if one is 
living in an environment where evil and corruption are the pervasive norm, and permissible 
things (Halal) are the exception and a rarity, then one can utilise whatever is available to 
fulfill his needs."
NOTE: The reference to the consumption of a dead animal is meant to illustrate that even 
forbidden things become permissible in a time of need.
Reference 11:
------------
Jalal al-Din al-Suyuti in his book, "al-Durr al-Manthoor Fi al-Tafsir al-
Ma'athoor," v2, p176, narrates that:
Abd Ibn Hameed, on the authority of al-Hassan, said: "al-Taqiyya is permissible until the 
Day of Judgment."
             
Reference 12:
------------
Narrated in Sahih al-Bukhari, v7, p102, that Abu al-Darda' said:
"(Verily) we smile for some people, while our hearts curse (those same people)."
Reference 13:
------------
Narrated in Sahih al-Bukhari, v7, p81, that the Prophet said:
"O `Aisha, the worst of people in the sight of Allah are those that are avoided by others 
due to their extreme impudence."
NOTE: The meaning here is that one is permitted to use deception to get
along with people. The above tradition was narrated when a person sought
permission to see the Holy Prophet and prior to his asking permission the Prophet said 
that he was not a good man, but still I shall see him. The Prophet talked to the person 
with utmost respect, upon which Aisha inquired as to why the Prophet talked to the 
person with respect despite his character, upon which the above reply was rendered.
Reference 14:
------------
Narrated in Sahih Muslim (English version), Chapter MLXXVII, v4, p1373,
Tradition #6303:
Humaid b. 'Abd al-Rahman b. 'Auf reported that his mother Umm Kulthum daughter of 
'Uqba b. Abu Mu'ait, and she was one amongst the first emigrants who pledged allegiance 
to Allah's Apostle, as saying that she heard Allah's Messenger as saying: A liar is not one 
who tries to bring reconciliation amongst people and speaks good (in order to avert 
dispute), or he conveys good.  Ibn Shihab said he did not hear that exemption was granted 
in anything what the people speak as lie but in three cases: in battle, when infiltrating the 
enemy and for bringing temporary reconciliation amongst persons. 
The (Sunni) commentator of this volume of Sahih Muslim, Abdul Hamid Siddiqi, provides 
the following commentary:
Telling of a lie is a grave sin but a Muslim is permitted to tell a lie in some several cases.   
Please refer to Sahih Muslim Volume IV, Chapter MLXXVII, Tradition no. 6303 p1373, 
English only - Abdul Hamid Siddiqui
                                                         
Al-Taqiyya vs. Hypocrisy [2]
Some people have fallen victim to confusing al-Taqiyya with hypocrisy, when in fact they 
(al-Taqiyya and Hypocrisy) are two opposite extremes.  Al-Taqiyya is concealing faith and 
displaying non-belief; while Hypocrisy is the concealment of unbelief and the display of 
belief.  They are total opposites in function, form, and meaning.
The Quran reveals the nature of hypocrisy with the following verse:
"When they meet those who believe, they say: `We Believe;' but when they are alone with 
their evil ones, they say: `We are really with you, we (were) only jesting [2:14]."
The Quran then reveals al-Taqiyya with the following verses:
"A Believer, a man from among the people of Pharaoh, who had concealed his faith, said: 
"Will ye slay a man because he says,`My Lord is Allah'?....[40:28]" 
Also:
"Anyone who, after accepting Faith in Allah, utters unbelief, except under compulsion, his 
heart remaining firm in faith -- but such as open their breast to unbelief, -- on them is 
Wrath from Allah, and theirs will be a dreadful Chastisement [16:106]." 
And also:
"Let not the believers take for friends or helpers unbelievers rather than believers: if any do 
that, (they) shall have no relation left with Allah except by way of precaution ("tat-
taqooh"), that ye may guard yourselves ("tooqatan") from them....[3:28]"
Moreover:
And when Moses returned unto his people, angry and grieved, he said: Evil is that (course) 
which ye took after I had left you. Would ye hasten on the judgment of your Lord? And he 
cast down the tablets, and he seized his brother by the head, dragging him toward him. 
(Aaron) said: "Son of my mother! Lo! People did oppress me and they were about to kill 
me. Make not the enemies neither rejoice over my misfortune nor count thou me amongst 
the sinful people. [7:150]"
Now, we see that Allah himself has stated that one of His faithful servants CONCEALED 
his faith and pretended that he was a follower of the Pharaoh's religion to escape 
persecution. We also see that Prophet Aaron (Haroon) observed Taqiyya when his life was 
in danger. We also observe that al-Taqiyya is CLEARLY permitted in a time of need. In 
fact, the Book of Allah instructs us that we should escape a situation which causes our 
destruction for nothing:
     "and make not your own hands contribute to your destruction [2:195]"
Reason and Logic for performing al-Taqiyya
Aside from the instructions of the Quran and Hadith on the permissibility and necessity of 
Taqiyya, such necessity can also be derived from a logical and rational standpoint.  It is 
apparent to any discerning observer that Allah has bestowed upon His creation certain 
defence mechanisms and instincts to protect themselves from impending danger.  What 
follows are some examples that serve to illustrate the above point.
It is clear that al-Taqiyya as a defence or attack mechanism is Allah's mercy to His 
creation, such that He has not left them unprotected.  As such, al-Taqiyya, build upon an 
instinctive defence/attack mechanism that Allah has endowed humans with.  The ability 
to use one's tongue to escape persecution when you are weak or vulnerable is indeed a 
supreme example of defence. Al-Taqiyya is a truism because it satisfies an instinctive 
need to survive and prosper.
Comments
It has been demonstrated under the section of "Sunni Sources In Support of al-Taqiyya" 
that it is permissible to lie and deceive if you are at a disadvantage or vulnerable to any 
non-Muslim (F example as long as Muslims are still a minority in Europe), as al-Ghazzali 
asserted; and that it is legitimate to utter words of unbelief as al-Suyuti stated; and that 
it is acceptable to smile at a person while your heart curses him as al-Bukhari confirms; 
and that al- Taqiyya is an integral part of the Quran itself, as has been shown under the 
section of "al-Taqiyya vs. Hypocrisy;" and that it was practiced by one of the most 
notable companions of the Prophet, none other than `Ammar Ibn Yasir; and we have 
seen that al-Suyuti narrates that al-Taqiyya is permissible until the Day of Judgment 
(When Islam has conquered the entire world); and that a person can say anything he 
wants, even to badmouth the Prophet if he is in a dangerous and restrictive situation; 
and we have also seen that even the Prophet himself practiced al-Taqiyya in a manner of 
deception that served to advance “temporary” good relations among selected 
neighbouring people until they could be conquered. Furthermore, keep in mind that the 
Prophet Muhammad did not disclose his mission for the first three years of his prophet 
hood, which was, in fact, another practice of al- Taqiyya by the Prophet to save the young 
Islam from annihilation.
There is NO difference between the Sunnis and Shia vis-a-vis al-Taqiyya, except that the 
Shia practices al-Taqiyya for fear of persecution from Sunnis, while the Sunnis are 
actively using it in its relations with the Western world (Especially for the majority of 
Muslims (Sunnis) who have immigrated to Europe and the US).
It is enough to say "I am a Shi'i" to get your head chopped off, even today in countries 
like Saudi Arabia.  As for the Sunnis, they were never subjected to what the Shia have 
been subjected to, primarily because they have always been the friends of the so-called 
Islamic governments throughout the ages.
My comment here is that Wahhabis themselves do indeed practice al-Taqiyya, but they 
have been psychologically programmed by their mentors in such a way that they don't 
even recognise al-Taqiyya when they do actually practice it. Ahmad Didat said that the 
Christians have been programmed in such a way that they may read the Bible a million 
times, but will never spot an error! They are fixed on believing it because their scholars 
say so, and they read at a superficial level.  I say that this also applies to those who 
oppose al-Taqiyya.
Dr. al-Tijani wrote a short event where he was sitting next to a Sunni scholar on a flight 
to London; they were both on their way to attend an Islamic Conference. At that time, 
there was still some tension due to the Salman Rushdi affair. The conversation between 
the two was naturally concerned with the unity of the Ummah. Consequently, the 
Sunni/Shia issue introduced itself as part of the conversation. The Sunni scholar said: 
"The Shia must drop certain beliefs and convictions that cause disunity and animosity 
among the Muslims."  Dr. al-Tijani answered: "Like what?"  The Sunni scholar answered: 
"Like the Taqiyya and Muta' ideas." Dr. al-Tijani immediately provided him with plenty of 
proofs in support of these notions, but the Sunni scholar was not convinced, and said 
that although these proofs are all authentic and correct, we must discard them for the 
sake of uniting the Ummah!!! When they both got to London, the immigration officer 
asked the Sunni scholar: "What is the purpose of your visit sir?"  The Sunni scholar said: 
"For medical treatment."  Then Dr. al-Tijani was asked the same question, and he 
answered: "To visit some friends."  Dr. al-Tijani followed the Sunni scholar and said: 
"Didn't I tell you that al-Taqiyya is for all times and occasions!" The Sunni scholar said: 
"How so?"  Dr. al-Tijani answered: "Because we both lied to the airport police: I by saying 
that I came to visit some friends, and you by saying that you are here for medical 
treatment; when, in fact, we are here to attend the Islamic Conference!" The Sunni 
scholar smiled, and said: "Well, doesn't an Islamic Conference provide healing for the 
soul?!"  Dr. al-Tijani was swift to say: "And doesn't it provide an opportunity to visit 
friends?!"
So you see, the Sunnis practice al-Taqiyya whether they acknowledge the fact or not. It is 
an innate part of human nature to save oneself, and most often we do it without even 
noticing.
My comment again is: Who, in Allah's Name, is this Scholar to state that although the 
proofs provided to him by Dr. al-Tijani are ALL authentic, they must be discarded for the 
sake of uniting the Ummah?! Do you truly believe that the Ummah will be united by 
abandoning Allah's commandments?  Does the above statement represent scholarly 
merit, or pure rhetoric, ignorance, and hypocrisy on the part of that scholar?  Is a scholar 
who utters such words of ignorance worthy of being obeyed and listened to? Who is he to 
tell Allah, the Creator of the Universe, and His Messenger what is right and wrong? Does 
he know more than Allah about al-Taqiyya? Exalted be Allah from being insulted by those 
who lack ALL forms of intelligence to interpret His religion.
al-Imam Ja'far al-Sadiq [The Sixth Imam of Ahlul-Bayt] said:
"al-Taqiyya is my religion, and the religion of my ancestors." He also said: "He who doesn't 
practice al-Taqiyya, doesn't practice his religion."
Sources:
http://www.al-islam.org/ENCYCLOPEDIA/chapter6b/1.html
1. http://www.al-islam.org/ENCYCLOPEDIA/chapter6b/3.html

