# 1.6 Naskh - Quranic abrogation

> 原文页码: 80-101

1.6 Naskh - Quranic abrogation
Quranic abrogation (Naskh) is another central and under-analysed part of Islam. 
Those Westerners who manage to pick up a translation of the Quran are often left 
bewildered as to its meaning thanks to ignorance of a critically important principle of 
Quranic interpretation known as "abrogation." The principle of abrogation -- al-naskh wa 
al-mansukh (the abrogating and the abrogated) -- directs that verses revealed later in 
Muhammad's career "abrogate" -- i.e., cancel and replace -- earlier ones whose 
instructions they may contradict. Thus, passages revealed later in Muhammad's career, in 
Medina, overrule passages revealed earlier, in Mecca. The Quran itself lays out the 
principle of abrogation:
2:106. Whatever a Verse (revelation) do We {Allah} abrogate or cause to be forgotten, We 
bring a better one or similar to it. Know you not that Allah is able to do all things?
It seems that 2:106 was revealed in response to scepticism directed at Muhammad that 
Allah's revelations were not entirely consistent over time. Muhammad's rebuttal was that 
"Allah is able to do all things" -- even change his mind. To confuse matters further, 
though the Quran was revealed to Muhammad sequentially over some twenty years' 
time, it was not compiled in chronological order. When the Quran was finally collated into 
book form under Caliph Uthman, the suras were ordered from longest to shortest with no 
connection whatever to the order in which they were revealed or to their thematic 
content. In order to find out what the Quran says on a given topic, it is necessary to 
examine the other Islamic sources that give clues as to when in Muhammad's lifetime the 
revelations occurred. Upon such examination, one discovers that the Meccan suras, 
revealed at a time when the Muslims were vulnerable, are generally benign; the later 
Medinan suras, revealed after Muhammad had made himself the head of an army, are 
bellicose.
Let us take, for example, 50:45 and Sura 109, both revealed in Mecca:
50:45. We know of best what they say; and you (O Muhammad) are not a tyrant over them 
(to force them to Belief). But warn by the Qur'an, him who fears My Threat. 
109:1. Say (O Muhammad to these Mushrikun and Kafirun): "O Al-Kafirun (disbelievers in 
Allah, in His Oneness, in His Angels, in His Books, in His Messengers, in the Day of 
Resurrection, and in Al-Qadar {divine foreordainment and sustaining of all things}, etc.)!
109:2. "I worship not that which you worship,
109:3. "Nor will you worship that which I worship.
109:4. "And I shall not worship that which you are worshipping.
109:5. "Nor will you worship that which I worship.
109:6. "To you be your religion, and to me my religion (Islamic Monotheism)."
Then there is this passage revealed just after the Muslims reached Medina and were still 
vulnerable:
2:256. There is no compulsion in religion. Verily, the Right Path has become distinct from 
the wrong path. Whoever disbelieves in Taghut {idolatry} and believes in Allah, then he has 
grasped the most trustworthy handhold that will never break. And Allah is All-Hearer, All-
Knower.
In contrast, take 9:5, commonly referred to as the "Verse of the Sword", revealed toward 
the end of Muhammad's life:
9:5. Then when the Sacred Months (the 1st, 7th, 11th, and 12th months of the Islamic 
calendar) have passed, then kill the Mushrikun {unbelievers} wherever you find them, and 
capture them and besiege them, and prepare for them each and every ambush. But if they 
repent and perform As-Salat (Iqamat-as-Salat {the Islamic ritual prayers}), and give Zakat 
{alms}, then leave their way free. Verily, Allah is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful.
Having been revealed later in Muhammad’s life than 50:45, 109, and 2:256, the Verse of 
the Sword abrogates their peaceful injunctions in accordance with 2:106. Sura 8, 
revealed shortly before Sura 9, reveals a similar theme:
8:39. And fight them until there is no more Fitnah (disbelief and polytheism: i.e. 
worshipping others besides Allah) and the religion (worship) will all be for Allah Alone [in 
the whole of the world]. But if they cease (worshipping others besides Allah), then 
certainly, Allah is All-Seer of what they do. 
8:67. It is not for a Prophet that he should have prisoners of war (and free them with 
ransom) until he had made a great slaughter (among his enemies) in the land. You desire 
the good of this world (i.e. the money of ransom for freeing the captives), but Allah desires 
(for you) the Hereafter. And Allah is All-Mighty, All-Wise.
9:29. Fight against those who believe not in Allah, nor in the Last Day, nor forbid that 
which has been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger and those who acknowledge not the 
religion of truth (i.e. Islam) among the people of the Scripture (Jews and Christians), until 
they pay the Jizya with willing submission, and feel themselves subdued.
9:33. It is He {Allah} Who has sent His Messenger (Muhammad) with guidance and the 
religion of truth (Islam), to make it superior over all religions even though the Mushrikun 
(polytheists, pagans, idolaters, disbelievers in the Oneness of Allah) hate (it).
The Quran's commandments to Muslims to wage war in the name of Allah against non-
Muslims are unmistakable. They are, furthermore, absolutely authoritative as they were 
revealed late in the Prophet's career and so cancel and replace earlier instructions to act 
peaceably. Without knowledge of the principle of abrogation (naskh), Westerners will 
continue to misread the Quran and misdiagnose Islam as a "religion of peace."
Naskh – Quranic abrogation – origin and implementaion
Naskh (Quranic abrogation) is a legal practice first put in place by 9th century Islamic 
scholars with the intention of understanding seemingly contradictory verses in the Quran 
and the hadith. Its practical consequence in relation to Jihad is that the aggressive 
Medina verses of the Quran cancels the peaceful Mecca verses. As far back as the 
sources will take us, Muslim jurisprudence discerned Quranic abrogation ('Naskh' or 
'Man-sookh') in the Quran. One of the earliest extended discussions of Quranic 
abrogation was; al-Naskh wa-al-mansukh fi al-quran by Abu Ubayd (839 AD). Another 
source from the ninth century is; Kitab Fahm al-quran of al-Harith ibn Asad al-Muhasibi. 
Other sources from the same century are the writings of al-Shafii and Ibn Qutaybah. The 
conclusions of these “works” were among other things that Medina (war mongering) 
verses cancel Mecca (peaceful) verses whenever appropriate. 
Even though the abrogated texts remain a part of the Qur'an and are even recited during 
prayers, the application thereof, or applicable information therefrom is inappropriate. This 
foundation for duality makes the Quran and the Hadith extremely effective when 
opposing different challenges. It allows every Muslim to use the appropriate texts based 
on the circumstances. The Mecca verses are given emphasis for tactical reasons in the 
ongoing peaceful conquering of nations through demographic warfare (as we see in 
Europe) or whenever appropriate, while the aggressive Medina verses are given 
emphasis through regular Jihad (warfare) as we see in Sudan.
Basis for abrogation
The concept of abrogation has been mainly extrapolated from two Quranic texts:
[Q 2:106] What We [Allah] cancel of 'Ayaaat' or made forgotten, We replace it with 
something better than it, or at least similar. Do you not know that truly, Allah is powerful 
over everything?
The word 'Ayaaat' used in the above text, means "signs". Throughout the Qur'an, this 
word is used for a variety of meanings, and is not limited to the Quranic verses [see 
30:21, for example].
The second passage usually referred to as the basis for Quranic abrogation is the 
following:
[Q 87:6-7] We [Allah] will relate to you [knowledge], so do not forget, except what Allah 
wills. Surely, he knows what the apparent and the hidden.  
We can understand the development of the concept of Naskh in the following manner; 
commentators were perplexed in understanding seemingly contradictory verses. They 
therefore evaluated the practices of the Prophet (especially the various hadiths) and the 
actions of the first generations of Muslims. By doing so much confusion could be avoided. 
For example; [Q 8:61], which commands Muslims to remain in a peaceful setting with 
those who maintain a similar stance, has been replaced with 9:73, which reads as 
follows;
[Q 9:73] O Prophet, fight against the disbelievers and the hypocrites and be harsh upon 
them. And their refuge is Hell, and wretched is the destination.
By ignoring the peaceful verse 8:61 which was clearly of a limited scope, given to the 
Prophet at a time when Islam was weak and vulnerable  and when he was under constant 
attack from his foes (thus the peaceful Medina verses), a foundation for constant Jihad 
until Islam has conquered the world was created.
Texts such as 9:73 are cited by Islamists everywhere.
Look at 2:62 as the perfect example. It, along with 5:69, actually names some Non-
Muslim religious groups as being rewarded by God for their faith and deeds. These verses 
are however cancelled by Q 3:85 [and other texts, such as 5:3], or are said to refer to 
nations prior to Muhammad's time.
At the end of the day, there is really no doubt whatsoever what Muhammads own agenda 
and conclusions were as the following authentic Hadith explains:
Hadith of the Prophet
"Lataftahanna al-Qustantiniyya wa lani`ma al-amiru amiruha wa lani`ma
al-jayshu dhalika al-jaysh."
"Verily you shall conquer Constantinople. What a wonderful leader will he be, and what a 
wonderful army will that army be!"
Needless to say; every single kuffar capital is considered modern day Constantinople’s. 
The only difference is that the strategic weapon used in the Jihad against Europe is 
Islamic demographic warfare instead of regular infantry units (which is the preferred 
method in the Sudan Jihad).
d. Jihad Through History
In 622 AD (year one in the Islamic calendar, AH 1), Muhammad abandoned Mecca for the 
city of Medina (Yathrib) some 200 farther north in the Arabian peninsula. In Medina, 
Muhammad established a paramilitary organisation that would spread his influence and 
that of his religion throughout Arabia. Because there has never been a separation of the 
political-military and the religious in Islam, this development was entirely natural by 
Islamic principles. By the time of his death in 632 AD, Muhammad had extended his 
control in a series of raids and battles over most of southern Arabia. The conquered 
populations of these areas either had to submit to Muslim rule and pay a protection tax 
or convert to Islam.
i. The First Major Wave of Jihad: the Arabs, 622-750 AD
Near the end of his life, Muhammad sent letters to the great empires of the Middle East 
demanding their submission to his authority. This dispels any notion that the Prophet 
intended Islam's expansion to stop with Arabia. Indeed, it is only logical that the one true 
religion, revealed by the final and fullest prophet, should have universal sway. Thus, as 
Muhammad had fought and subdued the peoples of the Arabian peninsula, his successors 
Abu Bakr, Umar, Uthman, and Ali (known as "the four rightly-guided Caliphs") and other 
Caliphs fought and subdued the people of the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and Europe in the 
name of Allah.
Volume 4, Book 53, Number 386; Narrated Jubair bin Haiya: Umar {the second Caliph} 
sent the Muslims to the great countries to fight the pagans.  When we reached the land of 
the enemy, the representative of Khosrau {Persia} came out with forty-thousand warriors, 
and an interpreter got up saying, "Let one of you talk to me!" Al-Mughira replied, "Our 
Prophet, the Messenger of our Lord, has ordered us to fight you till you worship Allah Alone 
or give Jizya (i.e. tribute); and our Prophet has informed us that our Lord says: "Whoever 
amongst us is killed (i.e. martyred), shall go to Paradise to lead such a luxurious life as he 
has never seen, and whoever amongst us remain alive, shall become your master."
Unleashing upon the world the blitzkrieg of its day, Islam rapidly spread into the 
territories of Byzantium, Persia, and Western Europe in the decades after Muhammad's 
death. The creaking Byzantine and Persian powers, having battled each other into mutual 
decline, offered little resistance to this unanticipated onslaught. The Arab Muslim armies 
charged into the Holy Land, conquered what is now Iraq and Iran, then swept west 
across North Africa, into Spain, and finally into France. The Muslim offensive was finally 
halted in the West at the Battle of Poitiers/Tours, not far from Paris, in 732 AD. In the 
east, the jihad penetrated deep into Central Asia.
As Muhammad had plundered his foes, so his successors also stripped the conquered 
areas -- incomparably richer both materially and culturally than the desolate sands of 
Arabia -- of their wealth and manpower. Almost overnight, the more advanced 
civilisations of the Middle East, North Africa, Persia, and Iberia saw their agriculture, 
native religions, and populations destroyed or plundered. Save for a handful of walled 
cities that managed to negotiate conditional surrenders, the catastrophes those lands 
suffered were very nearly complete.
Ibn Hudayl, a 14th century Granadan author of an important treatise on Jihad, explained 
the original methods which facilitated the violent, chaotic Jihad conquest of the Iberian 
peninsula, and other parts of Europe:
It is permissible to set fire to the lands of the enemy, his stores of grain, his beasts of 
burden if it is not possible for the Muslims to take possession of them as well as to cut 
down his trees, to raze his cities, in a word, to do everything that might ruin and 
discourage him, provided that the imam deems these measures appropriate, suited to 
hastening the Islamisation of that enemy or to weakening him. Indeed, all this contributes 
to a military triumph over him or to forcing him to capitulate. 
The historian al-Maqqari, who wrote in seventeenth-century Tlemcen in Algeria, explains 
that the panic created by the Arab horsemen and sailors, at the time of the Muslim 
expansion in the zones that saw those raids and landings, facilitated the later conquest, if 
that was decided on: 
Allah, he says, thus instilled such fear among the infidels that they did not dare to go and 
fight the conquerors; they only approached them as suppliants, to beg for peace." 
Bat Ye'or, the leading scholar of Islam's expansion and its treatment of non-Muslims, has 
provided an inestimable service through the compilation and translation of numerous 
primary source documents describing centuries of Islamic conquest. She includes these 
documents in her works on Islamic history and the plight of non-Muslims under Islamic 
rule. In the history of jihad, the slaughter of civilians, the desecration of churches, and 
the plundering of the countryside are commonplace. Here is Michael the Syrian's account 
of the Muslim invasion of Cappodocia (southern Turkey) in 650 AD under Caliph Umar:
… when Muawiya {the Muslim commander} arrived {in Euchaita in Armenia} he ordered all 
the inhabitants to be put to the sword; he placed guards so that no one escaped. After 
gathering up all the wealth of the town, they set to torturing the leaders to make them 
show them things [treasures] that had been hidden. The Taiyaye {Muslim Arabs} led 
everyone into slavery -- men and women, boys and girls -- and they committed much 
debauchery in that unfortunate town: they wickedly committed immoralities inside 
churches. They returned to their country rejoicing. (Michael the Syrian, quoted in Bat Ye'or, 
The Decline of Eastern Christianity under Islam, 276-7.)
The following description by the Muslim historian, Ibn al-Athir (1160-1233 AD), of razzias 
(raiding expeditions) in Northern Spain and France in the eighth and ninth centuries AD, 
conveys nothing but satisfaction at the extent of the destruction wrought upon the 
infidels, including non-combatants.
In 177 <17 April 793>, Hisham, prince of Spain, sent a large army commanded by Abd al-
Malik b. Abd al-Wahid b. Mugith into enemy territory, and which made forays as far as 
Narbonne and Jaranda . This general first attacked Jaranda where there was an elite Frank 
garrison; he killed the bravest, destroyed the walls and towers of the town and almost 
managed to seize it. He then marched on to Narbonne, where he repeated the same 
actions, then, pushing forward, he trampled underfoot the land of the Cerdagne {near 
Andorra in the Pyrenees}. For several months he traversed this land in every direction, 
raping women, killing warriors, destroying fortresses, burning and pillaging everything, 
driving back the enemy who fled in disorder. He returned safe and sound, dragging behind 
him God alone knows how much booty. This is one of the most famous expeditions of the 
Muslims in Spain. In 223 <2 December 837>, Abd ar-Rahman b. al Hakam, sovereign of 
Spain, sent an army against Alava; it encamped near Hisn al-Gharat, which it besieged; it 
seized the booty that was found there, killed the inhabitants and withdrew, carrying off 
women and children as captives. In 231 <6 September 845>, a Muslim army advanced into 
Galicia on the territory of the infidels, where it pillaged and massacred everyone. In 246 
<27 March 860>, Muhammad b. Abd ar-Rahman advanced with many troops and a large 
military apparatus against the region of Pamplona. He reduced, ruined and ravaged this 
territory, where he pillaged and sowed death. (Ibn al-Athir, Annals, quoted in Bat Ye'or, The 
Decline of Eastern Christianity under Islam, 281-2.)
This first wave of jihad engulfed much of the Byzantine, Visigothic, Frankish, and Persian 
Empires and left the newborn Islamic Empire controlling territory from Southern France, 
south through Spain, east across North Africa to India, and north to Russia. Early in the 
second millennium AD, the Mongol invasion from the east greatly weakened the Islamic 
Empire and ended Arab predominance therein.
ii. The Second Major Wave of Jihad: the Turks, 1071-1683 AD
Some twenty-five years before the first Crusading army set out from central Europe for 
the Holy Land, the Turkish (Ottoman) armies began an assault on the Christian Byzantine 
Empire, which had ruled what is now Turkey since the Roman Empire's capital was moved 
to Constantinople in 325 AD. At the battle of Manzikert, in 1071, the Christian forces 
suffered a disastrous defeat, which left much of Anatolia (Turkey) open to invasion. This 
second wave of jihad was temporarily held up by the invading Latin Armies during the 
Crusades (see Islam 101 FAQs), but, by the beginning of the 14th century, the Turks 
were threatening Constantinople and Europe itself.
In the West, Roman Catholic armies were bit by bit forcing Muslim forces down the 
Iberian peninsula, until, in 1492, they were definitively expelled (the Reconquista). In 
Eastern Europe, however, Islam continued in the ascendant. One of the most significant 
engagements between the invading Muslims and the indigenous peoples of the region 
was the Battle of Kosovo in 1389, where the Turks annihilated a multinational army under 
the Serbian King, St. Lazar, though their progress into Europe was significantly slowed. 
After numerous attempts dating back to the seventh century, Constantinople, the jewel 
of Eastern Christendom, finally fell in 1453 to the armies of Sultan Mahomet II. Lest one 
ascribe the atrocities of the first wave of jihad to the "Arabness" of its perpetrators, the 
Turks showed they were fully capable of living up to the principles of the Quran and the 
Sunnah. Paul Fregosi in his book Jihad describes the scene following the final assault on 
Constantinople:
Several thousand of the survivors had taken refuge in the cathedral: nobles, servants, 
ordinary citizens, their wives and children, priests and nuns. They locked the huge doors, 
prayed, and waited. {Caliph} Mahomet {II} had given the troops free quarter. They raped, 
of course, the nuns being the first victims, and slaughtered. At least four thousand were 
killed before Mahomet stopped the massacre at noon. He ordered a muezzin {one who 
issues the call to prayer} to climb into the pulpit of St. Sophia and dedicate the building to 
Allah. It has remained a mosque ever since. Fifty thousand of the inhabitants, more than 
half the population, were rounded up and taken away as slaves. For months afterward, 
slaves were the cheapest commodity in the markets of Turkey. Mahomet asked that the 
body of the dead emperor be brought to him. Some Turkish soldiers found it in a pile of 
corpses and recognised Constantine {XI} by the golden eagles embroidered on his boots. 
The sultan ordered his head to be cut off and placed between the horse's legs under the 
equestrian bronze statue of the emperor Justinian. The head was later embalmed and sent 
around the chief cities of the Ottoman Empire for the delectation of the citizens. Next, 
Mahomet ordered the Grand Duke Notaras, who had survived, be brought before him, 
asked him for the names and addresses of all the leading nobles, officials, and citizens, 
which Notaras gave him. He had them all arrested and decapitated. He sadistically bought 
from their owners {i.e., Muslim commanders} high-ranking prisoners who had been 
enslaved, for the pleasure of having them beheaded in front of him. (Fregosi, Jihad, 256-
7.)
This second, Turkish wave of jihad reached its farthest extent at the failed sieges of 
Vienna in 1529 and 1683, where in the latter instance the Muslim army under Kara 
Mustapha was thrown back by the Roman Catholics under the command of the Polish 
King, John Sobieski. In the decades that followed, the Ottomans were driven back down 
through the Balkans, though they were never ejected from the European continent 
entirely. Still, even while the imperial jihad faltered, Muslim land- and sea-borne razzias 
into Christian territory continued, and Christians were being abducted into slavery from 
as far away as Iceland into the 19th century. 
e. Dhimmitude
Islam's persecution of non-Muslims is in no way limited to jihad, even though that is the 
basic relationship between the Muslim and non-Muslim world. After the jihad concludes in 
a given area with the conquest of infidel territory, the dhimma, or treaty of protection, 
may be granted to the conquered "People of the Book" -- historically, Jews, Christians, 
and Zoroastrians. The dhimma provides that the life and property of the infidel are 
exempted from jihad for as long as the Muslim rulers permit, which has generally meant 
for as long as the subject non-Muslims -- the dhimmi -- prove economically useful to the 
Islamic state. The Quran spells out the payment of the jizya (poll- or head-tax; Sura 
9:29), which is the most conspicuous means by which the Muslim overlords exploit the 
dhimmi. But the jizya is not merely economic in its function; it exists also to humiliate 
the dhimmi and impress on him the superiority of Islam. Al-Maghili, a fifteenth century 
Muslim theologian, explains:
On the day of payment {of the jizya} they {the dhimmi} shall be assembled in a public 
place like the suq {place of commerce}. They should be standing there waiting in the 
lowest and dirtiest place. The acting officials representing the Law shall be placed above 
them and shall adopt a threatening attitude so that it seems to them, as well as to others, 
that our object is to degrade them by pretending to take their possessions. They will realise 
that we are doing them a favour in accepting from them the jizya and letting them go free. 
(Al-Maghili, quoted in Bat Ye'or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity under Islam, 361.)
Islamic law codifies various other restrictions on the dhimmi, all of which derive from the 
Quran and the Sunnah. Several hundred years of Islamic thought on the right treatment 
of dhimmi peoples is summed up by Al-Damanhuri, a seventeenth century head of Al-
Azhar University in Cairo, the most prestigious center for learning in the Muslim world:
… just as the dhimmis are prohibited from building churches, other things also are 
prohibited to them. They must not assist an unbeliever against a Muslim … raise the cross 
in an Islamic assemblage … display banners on their own holidays; bear arms … or keep 
them in their homes. Should they do anything of the sort, they must be punished, and the 
arms seized. … The Companions [of the Prophet] agreed upon these points in order to 
demonstrate the abasement of the infidel and to protect the weak believer's faith. For if he 
sees them humbled, he will not be inclined toward their belief, which is not true if he sees 
them in power, pride, or luxury garb, as all this urges him to esteem them and incline 
toward them, in view of his own distress and poverty. Yet esteem for the unbeliever is 
unbelief. (Al-Damanhuri, quoted in Bat Ye'or, The Decline of Eastern Christianity under 
Islam, 382.)
The Christian, Jewish, and Zoroastrian peoples of the Middle East, North Africa, and much 
of Europe suffered under the oppressive strictures of the dhimma for centuries. The 
status of these dhimmi peoples is comparable in many ways to that of former slaves in 
the post-bellum American South. Forbidden to construct houses of worship or repair 
extant ones, economically crippled by the jizya, socially humiliated, legally discriminated 
against, and generally kept in a permanent state of weakness and vulnerability by the 
Muslim overlords, it should not be surprising that their numbers dwindled, in many places 
to the point of extinction. The generally misunderstood decline of Islamic civilisation over 
the past several centuries is easily explained by the demographic decline of the dhimmi 
populations, which had provided the principle engines of technical and administrative 
competence.
Should the dhimmi violate the conditions of the dhimma -- perhaps through practicing his 
own religion indiscreetly or failing to show adequate deference to a Muslim -- then the 
jihad resumes. At various times in Islamic history, dhimmi peoples rose above their 
subjected status, and this was often the occasion for violent reprisals by Muslim 
populations who believed them to have violated the terms of the dhimma. Medieval 
Andalusia (Moorish Spain) is often pointed out by Muslim apologists as a kind of 
multicultural wonderland, in which Jews and Christians were permitted by the Islamic 
government to rise through the ranks of learning and government administration. What 
we are not told, however, is that this relaxation of the disabilities resulted in widespread 
rioting on the part of the Muslim populace that killed hundreds of dhimmis, mainly Jews. 
By refusing to convert to Islam and straying from the traditional constraints of the 
dhimma (even at the behest of the Islamic government, which was in need of capable 
manpower), the dhimmi had implicitly chosen the only other option permitted by the 
Quran: death.
Dhimmitude in Spain (Iberian peninsula)
The Iberian peninsula was conquered in 710-716 C.E. by Arab tribes originating from 
northern, central and southern Arabia. Massive Berber and Arab immigration, and the 
colonisation of the Iberian peninsula, followed the conquest. Most churches were 
converted into mosques. Although the conquest had been planned and conducted jointly 
with a faction of Iberian Christian dissidents, including a bishop, it proceeded as a 
classical jihad with massive pillages, enslavements, deportations and killings. Toledo, 
which had first submitted to the Arabs in 711 or 712, revolted in 713. The town was 
punished by pillage and all the notables had their throats cut. In 730, the Cerdagne (in 
Septimania, near Barcelona) was ravaged and a bishop burned alive. In the regions 
under stable Islamic control, subjugated non-Muslim dhimmis -Jews and Christians- like 
elsewhere in other Islamic lands were prohibited from building new churches or 
synagogues, or restoring the old ones. Segregated in special quarters, they had to wear 
discriminatory clothing. Subjected to heavy taxes, the Christian peasantry formed a 
servile class exploited by the dominant Arab ruling elites; many abandoned their land 
and fled to the towns. Harsh reprisals with mutilations and crucifixions would sanction 
the Mozarab (Christian dhimmis) calls for help from the Christian kings. Moreover, if one 
dhimmi harmed a Muslim, the whole community would lose its status of protection, 
leaving it open to pillage, enslavement and arbitrary killing.
By the end of the eighth century, the rulers of North Africa and of Andalusia had 
introduced rigorous and harsh Maliki jurisprudence as the predominant school of Muslim 
law. Three quarters of a century ago, at a time when political correctness was not 
dominating historical publication and discourse, Évariste Lévi-Provençal, the pre-eminent 
scholar of Andalusia wrote:
The Muslim Andalusian state thus appears from its earliest origins as the defender and 
champion of a jealous orthodoxy, more and more ossified in a blind respect for a rigid 
doctrine, suspecting and condemning in advance the least effort of rational speculation.
Dufourcq provides this illustration of the resulting religious and legal discriminations 
dhimmis suffered, and the accompanying incentives for them to convert to Islam: by 
converting [to Islam], one would no longer have to be confined to a given district, or be 
the victim of discriminatory measures or suffer humiliations. Furthermore, the entire 
Islamic law tended to favour conversions. When an "infidel" became a Muslim, he 
immediately benefited from a complete amnesty for all of his earlier crimes, even if he 
had been sentenced to the death penalty, even if it was for having insulted the Prophet or 
blasphemed against the Word of God: his conversion acquitted him of all his faults, of all 
his previous sins. 
A legal opinion given by a mufti from al-Andalus in the ninth century is very instructive: a 
Christian dhimmi kidnapped and violated a Muslim woman; when he was arrested and 
condemned to death, he immediately converted to Islam; he was automatically 
pardoned, while being constrained to marry the woman and to provide for her a dowry in 
keeping with her status. The mufti who was consulted about the affair, perhaps by a 
brother of the woman, found that the court decision was perfectly legal, but specified 
that if that convert did not become a Muslim in good faith and secretly remained a 
Christian, he should be flogged, slaughtered and crucified.
Al-Andalus represented the land of jihad par excellence. Every year (sometimes twice a 
year) raiding expeditions were sent to ravage the Christian Spanish kingdoms to the 
north, the Basque regions, or France and the Rhone valley, bringing back booty and 
slaves. Andalusian corsairs attacked and invaded along the Sicilian and Italian coasts, 
even as far as the Aegean Islands, looting and burning as they went. Many thousands of 
non-Muslim captives were deported to slavery in Andalusia, where the caliph kept a 
militia of tens of thousand of Christian slaves, brought from all parts of Christian Europe 
(the Saqaliba), and a harem filled with captured Christian women. Society was sharply 
divided along ethnic and religious lines, with the Arab tribes at the top of the hierarchy, 
followed by the Berbers who were never recognised as equals, despite their Islamisation; 
lower in the scale came the mullawadun converts and, at the very bottom, the dhimmi 
Christians and Jews. 
The Andalusian Maliki jurist Ibn Abdun (d. 1134) offered these telling legal opinions 
regarding Jews and Christians in Seville around 1100 A.D.: 
No Jew or Christian may be allowed to wear the dress of an aristocrat, nor of a jurist, nor 
of a wealthy individual; on the contrary they must be detested and avoided. It is 
forbidden to [greet] them with the [expression], "Peace be upon you”. In effect, Satan 
has gained possession of them, and caused them to forget God’s warning. They are the 
confederates of Satan’s party; Satan’s confederates will surely be the losers!" (Quran 
58:19 [modern Dawood translation]). A distinctive sign must be imposed upon them in 
order that they may be recognised and this will be for them a form of disgrace.
Ibn Abdun also forbade the selling of scientific books to dhimmis under the pretext that 
they translated them and attributed them to their co-religionists and bishops. In fact, 
plagiarism is difficult to prove since whole Jewish and Christian libraries were looted and 
destroyed. Another prominent Andalusian jurist, Ibn Hazm of Cordoba (d. 1064), wrote 
that Allah has established the infidels ownership of their property merely to provide booty 
for Muslims.
In Granada, the Jewish viziers Samuel Ibn Naghrela, and his son Joseph, who protected 
the Jewish community, were both assassinated between 1056 to 1066, followed by the 
annihilation of the Jewish population by the local Muslims. It is estimated that up to five 
thousand Jews perished in the pogrom by Muslims that accompanied the 1066 
assassination. This figure equals or exceeds the number of Jews reportedly killed by the 
Crusaders during their pillage of the Rhineland, some thirty years later, at the outset of 
the First Crusade. The Granada pogrom was likely to have been incited, in part, by the 
bitter anti-Jewish ode of Abu Ishaq a well known Muslim jurist and poet of the times, who 
wrote:
Bring them down to their place and Return them to the most abject station. They used to 
roam around us in tatters Covered with contempt, humiliation, and scorn. They used to 
rummage amongst the dungheaps for a bit of a filthy rag to serve as a shroud for a man to 
be buried in...Do not consider that killing them is treachery. Nay, it would be treachery to 
leave them scoffing." [The translator then summarises: The Jews have broken their 
covenant (i.e., overstepped their station, with reference to the Covenant of Umar) and 
compunction would be out of place.] 
The Muslim Berber Almohads in Spain and North Africa (1130-1232) wreaked enormous 
destruction on both the Jewish and Christian populations. This devastation- massacre, 
captivity, and forced conversion- was described by the Jewish chronicler Abraham Ibn 
Daud, and the poet Abraham Ibn Ezra. Suspicious of the sincerity of the Jewish converts 
to Islam, Muslim "inquisitors" (i.e., antedating their Christian Spanish counterparts by 
three centuries) removed the children from such families, placing them in the care of 
Muslim educators 13 . Maimonides, the renowned philosopher and physician, experienced 
the Almohad persecutions, and had to flee Cordoba with his entire family in 1148, 
temporarily residing in Fez - disguised as a Muslim - before finding asylum in Fatimid 
Egypt. 
Indeed, although Maimonides is frequently referred to as a paragon of Jewish 
achievement facilitated by the enlightened rule of Andalusia, his own words debunk this 
utopian view of the Islamic treatment of Jews: 
..the Arabs have persecuted us severely, and passed baneful and discriminatory legislation 
against us...Never did a nation molest, degrade, debase, and hate us as much as they.. 
Ottoman Dhimmitude
Even the Turcophilic 19th century travel writer Ubicini acknowledged the oppressive 
burden of Ottoman dhimmitude in this moving depiction: 
The history of enslaved peoples is the same everywhere, or rather, they have no history. 
The years, the centuries pass without bringing any change to their situation. Generations 
come and go in silence. One might think they are afraid to awaken their masters, asleep 
alongside them. However, if you examine them closely you discover that this immobility is 
only superficial. A silent and constant agitation grips them. Life has entirely withdrawn into 
the heart. They resemble those rivers which have disappeared underground; if you put 
your ear to the earth, you can hear the muffled sound of their waters; then they re-emerge 
intact a few leagues away. Such is the state of the Christian populations of Turkey under 
Ottoman rule.
Ottoman Devshirme-janissary system
Scholars who have conducted serious, detailed studies of the devshirme-janissary system 
have made the following conclusions; Vryonis, Jr. for example, makes these deliberately 
understated, but cogent observations; 
...in discussing the devshirme we are dealing with the large numbers of Christians who, in 
spite of the material advantages offered by conversion to Islam, chose to remain members 
of a religious society which was denied first class citizenship. Therefore the proposition 
advanced by some historians, that the Christians welcomed the devshirme as it opened up 
wonderful opportunities for their children, is inconsistent with the fact that these Christians 
had not chosen to become Muslims in the first instance but had remained Christians. There 
is abundant testimony to the very active dislike with which they viewed the taking of their 
children. One would expect such sentiments given the strong nature of the family bond and 
given also the strong attachment to Christianity of those who had not apostacised to Islam. 
First of all the Ottomans capitalised on the general Christian fear of losing their children 
and used offers of devshirme exemption in negotiations for surrender of Christian lands. 
Such exemptions were included in the surrender terms granted to Jannina, Galata, the 
Morea, Chios, etc. Christians who engaged in specialised activities which were important to 
the Ottoman state were likewise exempt from the tax on their children by way of 
recognition of the importance of their labours for the empire. Exemption from this tribute 
was considered a privilege and not a penalty.
...there are other documents wherein their [i.e., the Christians] dislike is much more 
explicitly apparent. These include a series of Ottoman documents dealing with the specific 
situations wherein the devshirmes themselves have escaped from the officials responsible 
for collecting them. A firman... in 1601 [regarding the devshirme] provided the [Ottoman] 
officials with stern measures of enforcement, a fact which would seem to suggest that 
parents were not always disposed to part with their sons.
“..to enforce the command of the known and holy fetva [fatwa] of Seyhul [Shaikh]- 
Islam. In accordance with this whenever some one of the infidel parents or some 
other should oppose the giving up of his son for the Janissaries, he is immediately 
hanged from his door-sill, his blood being deemed unworthy.”
Vasiliki Papoulia highlights the continuous desperate, often violent struggle of the 
Christian populations against this brutally imposed Ottoman levy: 
It is obvious that the population strongly resented this measure [and the levy] could be 
carried out only by force. Those who refused to surrender their sons- the healthiest, the 
handsomest and the most intelligent- were on the spot put to death by hanging. 
Nevertheless we have examples of armed resistance. In 1565 a revolt took place in Epirus 
and Albania. The inhabitants killed the recruiting officers and the revolt was put down only 
after the sultan sent five hundred janissaries in support of the local sanjak-bey. We are 
better informed, thanks to the historic archives of Yerroia, about the uprising in Naousa in 
1705 where the inhabitants killed the Silahdar Ahmed Celebi and his assistants and fled to 
the mountains as rebels. Some of them were later arrested and put to death..
Since there was no possibility of escaping [the levy] the population resorted to several 
subterfuges. Some left their villages and fled to certain cities which enjoyed exemption 
from the child levy or migrated to Venetian-held territories. The result was a depopulation 
of the countryside. Others had their children marry at an early age ...Nicephorus Angelus... 
states that at times the children ran away on their own initiative, but when they heard that 
the authorities had arrested their parents and were torturing them to death, returned and 
gave themselves up. La Giulletiere cites the case of a young Athenian who returned from 
hiding in order to save his father’s life and then chose to die himself rather than abjure his 
faith. According to the evidence in Turkish sources, some parents even succeeded in 
abducting their children after they had been recruited. The most successful way of escaping 
recruitment was through bribery. That the latter was very widespread is evident from the 
large amounts of money confiscated by the sultan from corrupt officials. Finally, in their 
desperation the parents even appealed to the Pope and the Western powers for help.
Papoulia concludes:
…there is no doubt that this heavy burden was one of the hardest tribulations of the 
Christian population.
Dhimmitude in Greece under Ottoman rule
A.E. Vacalopoulos, History of Macedonia, 1354-1833, Thessaloniki, 1973, pp. 67-74, 353-
358, 636-652; "Background and Causes of the Greek Revolution", Neo-Hellenika, Vol. 2, 
1975, pp.53-68; The Greek Nation, 1453-1669, New Brunswick, New Jersey, 1976, 
Chaps. 1-4. 
Vacalopoulos describes how jihad imposed dhimmitude under Ottoman rule provided 
critical motivation for the Greek Revolution (Background and Causes of the Greek 
Revolution, Neo-Hellenika, pp.54-55): 
The Revolution of 1821 is no more than the last great phase of the resistance of the Greeks 
to Ottoman domination; it was a relentless, undeclared war, which had begun already in the 
first years of servitude.  The brutality of an autocratic regime, which was characterised by 
economic spoliation, intellectual decay and cultural retrogression, was sure to provoke 
opposition.  Restrictions of all kinds, unlawful taxation, forced labour, persecutions, 
violence, imprisonment, death, abductions of girls and boys and their confinement to 
Turkish harems, and various deeds of wantonness and lust, along with numerous less 
offensive excesses — all these were a constant challenge to the instinct of survival and they 
defied every sense of human decency.  The Greeks bitterly resented all insults and 
humiliations, and their anguish and frustration pushed them into the arms of rebellion.  
There was no exaggeration in the statement made by one of the beys if Arta, when he 
sought to explain the ferocity of the struggle.  He said:  'We have wronged the rayas 
[dhimmis] (i.e. our Christian subjects) and destroyed both their wealth and honour; they 
became desperate and took up arms.  This is just the beginning and will finally lead to the 
destruction of our empire.' The sufferings of the Greeks under Ottoman rule were therefore 
the basic cause of the insurrection; a psychological incentive was provided by the very 
nature of the circumstances.
Dhimmitude in Palestine
In his comprehensive study of 19th century Palestinian Jewry under Ottoman rule (The 
Jews of Palestine, pp. 168, 172-73), Professor Tudor Parfitt made these summary 
observations: 
"…Inside the towns, Jews and other dhimmis were frequently attacked, wounded, and even 
killed by local Muslims and Turkish soldiers. Such attacks were frequently for trivial 
reasons: Wilson [in British Foreign Office correspondence] recalled having met a Jew who 
had been badly wounded by a Turkish soldier for not having instantly dismounted when 
ordered to give up his donkey to a soldier of the Sultan. Many Jews were killed for less. On 
occasion the authorities attempted to get some form of redress but this was by no means 
always the case: the Turkish authorities themselves were sometimes responsible for 
beating Jews to death for some unproven charge. After one such occasion [British Consul] 
Young remarked: 'I must say I am sorry and surprised that the Governor could have acted 
so savage a part- for certainly what I have seen of him I should have thought him superior 
to such wanton inhumanity- but it was a Jew- without friends or protection- it serves to 
show well that it is not without reason that the poor Jew, even in the nineteenth century, 
lives from day to day in terror of his life'."
Dhimmitude during and after the Tanzimat period – Ottoman Empire
The Tanzimat, meaning reorganisation of the Ottoman Empire, was a period of 
reformation that began in 1839 and ended with the First Constitutional Era in 1876. The 
Tanzimat reform era was characterised by various attempts to modernise the Ottoman 
Empire, to secure its territorial integrity against nationalist movements and aggressive 
powers. The reforms encouraged Ottomanism among the diverse ethnic groups of the 
Empire, attempting to stem the tide of nationalist movements within the Ottoman 
Empire. The reforms attempted to integrate non-Muslims and non-Turks more thoroughly 
into Ottoman society by enhancing their civil liberties and granting them equality 
throughout the Empire.
Edouard Engelhardt, La Turquie et La Tanzimat, 2 Vols. In 1882, Paris; Engelhardt made 
these observations from his detailed analysis of the Tanzimat period, noting that a 
quarter century after the Crimean War (1853-56), and the second iteration of Tanzimat 
reforms, the same problems persisted:
Muslim society has not yet broken with the prejudices which make the conquered peoples 
subordinate…the raya [dhimmis] remain inferior to the Osmanlis; in fact he is not 
rehabilitated; the fanaticism of the early days has not relented…[even liberal Muslims 
rejected]…civil and political equality, that is to say, the assimilation of the conquered with 
the conquerors. 
A systematic examination of the condition of the Christian rayas was conducted in the 
1860s by British consuls stationed throughout the Ottoman Empire, yielding extensive 
primary source documentary evidence. [54]. Britain was then Turkey's most powerful 
ally, and it was in her strategic interest to see that oppression of the Christians was 
eliminated, to prevent direct, aggressive Russian or Austrian intervention. On July 22, 
1860, Consul James Zohrab sent a lengthy report from Sarajevo to his ambassador in 
Constantinople, Sir Henry Bulwer, analysing the administration of the provinces of Bosnia 
and Herzegovina, again, following the 1856 Tanzimat reforms. Referring to the reform 
efforts, Zohrab states:
I can safely say, [they] practically remain a dead letter…while [this] does not extend to 
permitting the Christians to be treated as they formerly were treated, is so far unbearable 
and unjust in that it permits the Mussulmans to despoil them with heavy exactions. False 
imprisonments (imprisonment under false accusation) are of daily occurence. A Christian 
has but a small chance of exculpating himself when his opponent is a Mussulman (...) 
Christian evidence, as a rule, is still refused (...) Christians are now permitted to possess 
real property, but the obstacles which they meet with when they attempt to acquire it are 
so many and vexatious that very few have as yet dared to brave them… Such being, 
generally speaking, the course pursued by the Government towards the Christians in the 
capital (Sarajevo) of the province where the Consular Agents of the different Powers reside 
and can exercise some degree of control, it may easily be guessed to what extend the 
Christians, in the remoter districts, suffer who are governed by Mudirs (governors) 
generally fanatical and unacquainted with the (new reforms of the) law..
Even the modern Ottomanist Roderick Davison (in "Turkish Attitudes Concerning 
Christian-Muslim Equality in the Nineteenth Century" American Historical Review, Vol. 59, 
pp. 848, 855, 859, 864) concedes, that the reforms failed, and offers an explanation 
based on Islamic beliefs intrinsic to the system of dhimmitude:
No genuine equality was ever attained…there remained among the Turks an intense Muslim 
feeling which could sometimes burst into an open fanaticism…More important than the 
possibility of fanatic outbursts, however, was the innate attitude of superiority which the 
Muslim Turk possessed. Islam was for him the true religion. Christianity was only a partial 
revelation of the truth, which Muhammad finally revealed in full; therefore Christians were 
not equal to Muslims in possession of truth. Islam was not only a way of worship, it was a 
way of life as well. It prescribed man’s relations to man, as well as to God, and was the 
basis for society, for law, and for government. Christians were therefore inevitably 
considered second-class citizens in the light of religious revelation—as well as by reason of 
the plain fact that they had been conquered by the Ottomans. This whole Muslim outlook 
was often summed up in the common term gavur (or kafir), which means ‘unbeliever’ or 
‘infidel’, with emotional and quite uncomplimentary overtones. To associate closely or on 
terms of equality with the gavur was dubious at best. “Familiar association with heathens 
and infidels is forbidden to the people of Islam,” said Asim, an early nineteenth-century 
historian, “and friendly and intimate intercourse between two parties that are one to 
another as darkness and light is far from desirable”…The mere idea of equality, especially 
the anti-defamation clause of 1856, offended the Turks’ inherent sense of the rightness of 
things. “Now we can’t call a gavur a gavur”, it was said, sometimes bitterly, sometimes in 
matter-of-fact explanation that under the new dispensation the plain truth could no longer 
be spoken openly. Could reforms be acceptable which forbade calling a spade a 
spade?...The Turkish mind, conditioned by centuries of Muslim and Ottoman dominance, 
was not yet ready to accept any absolute equality…Ottoman equality was not attained in 
the Tanzimat period [i.e., mid to late 19th century, 1839-1876], nor yet after the Young 
Turk revolution of 1908…
Dhimmitude – Zorastrians in Iran
Boyce, A Persian Stronghold of Zoroastrianism, pp. 7-8; Napier Malcolm lived among the 
Zoroastrians in the central Iranian town of Yezd at the end of the 19th century. He 
documented the following in his narrative, Five Years in a Persian Town, New York, 1905, 
pp. 45-50: 
Up to 1895 no Parsi (Zoroastrian) was allowed to carry an umbrella. Even during the time 
that I was in Yezd they could not carry one in town. Up to 1895 there was a strong 
prohibition upon eye-glasses and spectacles; up to 1885 they were prevented from 
wearing rings; their girdles had to be made of rough canvas, but after 1885 any white 
material was permitted. Up to 1896 the Parsis were obliged to twist their turbans instead 
of folding them. Up to 1898 only brown, grey, and yellow were allowed for the qaba 
[outer coat] or arkhaluq [under coat] (body garments), but after that all colours were 
permitted except blue, black, bright red, or green. There was also a prohibition against 
white stockings, and up to about 1880 the Parsis had to wear a special kind of peculiarly 
hideous shoe with a broad, turned-up toe. Up to 1885 they had to wear a torn cap. Up to 
1880 they had to wear tight knickers, self-coloured, instead of trousers. Up to 1891 all 
Zoroastrians had to walk in town, and even in the desert they had to dismount if they 
met a Mussulman of any rank whatsoever. During the time that I was in Yezd they were 
allowed to ride in the desert, and only had to dismount if they met a big Mussulman. 
There were other similar dress restrictions too numerous and trifling to mention.
Then the houses of both the Parsis and the Jews, with the surrounding walls, had to be 
built so low that the top could be reached by a Mussulman with his hand extended; they 
might, however, dig down below the level of the road. The walls had to be splashed with 
white around the door. Double doors, the common form of Persian door, were forbidden, 
also rooms containing three or more windows. Bad-girs [Air-shafts] were still forbidden 
to Parsis while we were in Yezd, but in 1900 one of the bigger Parsi merchants gave a 
large present to the Governor and to the chief mujtahid (Mohammedan priest) to be 
allowed to build one. Upper rooms were also forbidden.
Up to about 1860 Parsis could not engage in trade. They used to hide things in their 
cellar rooms, and sell them secretly. They can now trade in the caravanserais or 
hostelries, but not in the bazaars, nor may they trade in linen drapery. Up to 1870 they 
were not permitted to have a school for their children.
The amount of the Jizya, or tax upon infidels, differed according to the wealth of the 
individual Parsi, but it was never less than two tomans [a sum of money, 10,000 dinars]. 
A toman is now worth about three shillings and eight pence, but it used to be worth 
much more. Even now, when money has much depreciated, it represents a labourer’s 
wage for ten days. The money must be paid on the spot, when the farrash [literally, a 
carpet sweeper. Really a servant, chiefly, outdoor], who was acting as collector, met the 
man. The farrash was at liberty to do what he liked when collecting the jizya. The man 
was not even allowed to go home and fetch the money, but was beaten at once until it 
was given. About 1865 a farrash collecting this tax tied a man to a dog, and gave a blow 
to each in turn.
About 1891 a mujtahid caught a Zoroastrian merchant wearing white stockings in one of 
the public squares of the town. He ordered the man to be beaten and the stockings taken 
off. About 1860 a man of seventy went to the bazaars in white trousers of rough canvas. 
They hit him about a good deal, took off his trousers, and sent him home with them 
under his arm. Sometimes Parsis would be made to stand on one leg in a mujtahid’s 
house until they consented to pay a considerable sum of money.
In the reign of the late Shah Nasirud Din, Manukji Limji, a British Parsi from India, was 
for a long while in Tehran as Parsi representative. Almost all the Parsi disabilities were 
withdrawn, the Jizya, the clothes restrictions, and those with regard to houses, but the 
law of inheritance was not altered, according to which a Parsi who becomes a Mussulman 
takes precedence of his Zoroastrian brothers and sisters. The Jizya was actually remitted, 
and also some of the restrictions as to houses, but the rest of the firman was a dead 
letter.
In 1898 the present Shah, Muzaffarud Din, gave a firman to Dinyar, the present Qalantar 
[Head Man] of the Parsi Anjuman, or Committee, revoking all the remaining Parsi 
disabilities, and also declaring it unlawful to use fraud or deception in making conversions 
of Parsis to Islam. This firman does not appear to have had any effect at all.
About 1883, after the firman of Nasirud Din Shah had been promulgated, one of the 
Parsis, Rustami Ardishiri Dinyar, built in Kucha Biyuk, one of the villages near Yezd, a 
house with an upper room, slightly above the height to which the Parsis used to be 
limited. He heard that the Mussulmans were going to kill him, so he fled by night to 
Tehran. They killed another Parsi, Tirandaz, in mistake for him, but did not destroy the 
house. 
So the great difficulty was not to get the law improved, but rather to get it enforced. 
When Manukji [British Parsi and consul in Tehran] was at Yezd, about 1870, two Parsis 
were attacked by two Mussulmans outside the town, and one was killed, the other 
terribly wounded as they had tried to cut off his head. The Governor brought the 
criminals to Yezd, but did nothing to them. Manukji got leave to take them to Tehran. The 
Prime Minister, however, told him that no Mussulman would be killed for a Zardushti, or 
Zoroastrian, and that they would only be bastinadoed. About this time Manukji enquired 
whether it was true that the blood-price of a Zardushti was to be seven tomans. He got 
back the reply that it was to be a little over.
The Yezd Parsis have been helped considerably by agents from Bombay, who are British 
subjects, and of late years things have improved slightly.
f. Jihad in the Modern Era
Following its defeat at the walls of Vienna in 1683, Islam entered a period of strategic 
decline in which it was increasingly dominated by the rising European colonial powers. 
Due to its material weakness vis-à-vis the West, dar al-Islam was unable to prosecute 
large-scale military campaigns into infidel territory. The Islamic Empire, then ruled by the 
Ottoman Turks, was reduced to fending of the increasingly predatory European powers.
In 1856, Western pressure compelled the Ottoman government to suspend the dhimma 
under which the Empire's non-Muslim subjects laboured. This provided hitherto unknown 
opportunities for social and personal improvement by the former dhimmis, but it also 
fomented resentment by orthodox Muslims who saw this as a violation of the Sharia and 
their Allah-given superiority over unbelievers.
By the late 19th century, tensions among the European subjects of the Empire broke out 
into the open when the Ottoman government massacred 30,000 Bulgarians in 1876 for 
allegedly rebelling against Ottoman rule. Following Western intervention that resulted in 
Bulgarian independence, the Ottoman government and its Muslim subjects were 
increasingly nervous about other non-Muslim groups seeking independence.
It was in this atmosphere that the first stage of the Armenian genocide took place in 
1896 with the slaughter of some 250,000 Armenians. Both civilians and military 
personnel took place in the massacres. Peter Balakian, in his book, The Burning Tigris, 
documents the whole horrific story. But the massacres of the 1890s were only the 
prelude to the much larger holocaust of 1915, which claimed some 1.5 million lives. 
While various factors contributed to the slaughter, there is no mistaking that the 
massacres were nothing other than a jihad waged against the Armenians, no longer 
protected as they were by the dhimma. In 1914, as the Ottoman Empire entered World 
War I on the side of the central powers, an official anti-Christian jihad was proclaimed.
To promote the idea of jihad, the sheikh-ul-Islam’s {the most senior religious leader in the 
Ottoman Empire} published proclamation summoned the Muslim world to arise and 
massacre its Christian oppressors. “Oh Moslems,” the document read, “Ye who are smitten 
with happiness and are on the verge of sacrificing your life and your good for the cause of 
right, and of braving perils, gather now around the Imperial throne.” In the Ikdam, the 
Turkish newspaper that had just passed into German ownership, the idea of jihad was 
underscored: “The deeds of our enemies have brought down the wrath of God. A gleam of 
hope has appeared. All Mohammedans, young and old, men, women, and children must 
fulfil their duty. … If we do it, the deliverance of the subjected Mohammedan kingdoms is 
assured.” … “He who kills even one unbeliever,” one pamphlet read, “of those who rule over 
us, whether he does it secretly or openly, shall be rewarded by God.” (quoted in Balakian, 
The Burning Tigris, 169-70.)
The anti-Christian jihad culminated in 1922 at Smyrna, on the Mediterranean coast, 
where 150,000 Greek Christians were massacred by the Turkish army under the 
indifferent eye of Allied warships. All in, from 1896-1923, some 2.5 million Christians 
were killed, the first modern genocide, which to this day is denied by the Turkish 
government.
Since the break-up of the Islamic Empire following World War I, various jihads have been 
fought around the globe by the independent Muslim nations and sub-state jihadist 
groups. The most sustained effort has been directed against Israel, which has committed 
the unpardonable sin of rebuilding dar al-harb on land formerly a part of dar al-Islam. 
Other prominent jihads include that fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan, the Muslim 
Bosnians against the Serbs in the former Yugoslavia, the Muslim Albanians against the 
Serbs in Kosovo, and the Chechens against the Russians in the Caucasus. Jihads have 
also been waged throughout northern Africa, the Philippines, Thailand, Kashmir, and a 
host of other places throughout the world. In addition, the overwhelming majority of 
terrorist attacks around the world have been committed by Muslims, including, of course, 
the spectacular attacks of 9/11/01 (USA), 3/11/04 (Spain), and 7/7/05 (UK). (For a more 
comprehensive list of Muslim attacks, visit www.thereligionofpeace.com.)
The fact is, the percentage of conflicts in the world today that do not include Islam is 
pretty small. Islam is making a comeback.
3. Conclusion 
The chief barrier today to a better understanding of Islam -- apart, perhaps, from 
outright fear -- is sloppy language. Let us take, to start with, the much-vaunted "war on 
terror." Upon scrutiny, the phrase "war on terror" makes as much sense as a war on 
"blitzkrieg," "bullets," or "strategic bombing." The "war on terror" implies that it is 
perfectly fine if the enemy seeks to destroy us -- and, indeed, succeeds in doing so -- as 
long as he does not employ "terror" in the process.
"Terrorism," it should be obvious, is a tactic or stratagem used to advance a goal; it is 
the goal of Islamic terrorism that we must come to understand, and this logically requires 
an understanding of Islam.
As we have seen, contrary to the widespread insistence that true Islam is pacific even if a 
handful of its adherents are violent, the Islamic sources make clear that engaging in 
violence against non-Muslims is a central and indispensable principle to Islam. Islam is 
less a personal faith than a political ideology that exists in a fundamental and permanent 
state of war with non-Islamic civilisations, cultures, and individuals. The Islamic holy 
texts outline a social, governmental, and economic system for all mankind. Those 
cultures and individuals who do not submit to Islamic governance exist in an ipso facto 
state of rebellion with Allah and must be forcibly brought into submission. The 
misbegotten term "Islamo-fascism" is wholly redundant: Islam itself is a kind of fascism 
that achieves its full and proper form only when it assumes the powers of the state.
The spectacular acts of Islamic terrorism in the late 20th and early 21st centuries are but 
the most recent manifestation of a global war of conquest that Islam has been waging 
since the days of the Prophet Muhammad in the 7th Century AD and that continues apace 
today. This is the simple, glaring truth that is staring the world today in the face -- and 
which has stared it in the face numerous times in the past -- but which it seems few 
today are willing to contemplate.
It is important to realise that we have been talking about Islam -- not Islamic 
"fundamentalism," "extremism," "fanaticism," "Islamo-fascism," or "Islamism," but Islam 
proper, Islam in its orthodox form as it has been understood and practiced by right-
believing Muslims from the time of Muhammad to the present. The mounting episodes of 
Islamic terrorism in the late 20th and early 21st centuries are due largely to the geo-
strategic changes following the end of the Cold War and the growing technical options 
available to terrorists.
With the collapse of Soviet hegemony over much of the Muslim world, coupled with the 
burgeoning wealth of the Muslim oil-producing countries, the Muslim world increasingly 
possesses the freedom and means to support jihad around the globe. In short, the 
reason that Muslims are once again waging war against the non-Muslim world is because 
they can.
It is paramount to note, however, that, even if no major terrorist attack ever occurs on 
Western soil again, Islam still poses a mortal danger to the West. A halt to terrorism 
would simply mean a change in Islam’s tactics -- perhaps indicating a longer-term 
approach that would allow Muslim immigration and higher birth rates to bring Islam 
closer to victory before the next round of violence. It cannot be overemphasised that 
Muslim terrorism is a symptom of Islam that may increase or decrease in intensity while 
Islam proper remains permanently hostile.
Muhammad Taqi Partovi Samzevari, in his “Future of the Islamic Movement” (1986), 
sums up the Islamic worldview.
Our own Prophet … was a general, a statesman, an administrator, an economist, a jurist 
and a first-class manager all in one. … In the Qur’an’s historic vision Allah’s support and the 
revolutionary struggle of the people must come together, so that Satanic rulers are brought 
down and put to death. A people that is not prepared to kill and to die in order to create a 
just society cannot expect any support from Allah. The Almighty has promised us that the 
day will come when the whole of mankind will live united under the banner of Islam, when 
the sign of the Crescent, the symbol of Muhammad, will be supreme everywhere. … But 
that day must be hastened through our Jihad, through our readiness to offer our lives and 
to shed the unclean blood of those who do not see the light brought from the Heavens by 
Muhammad in his mi’raj {“nocturnal voyages to the ‘court’ of Allah”}. … It is Allah who puts 
the gun in our hand. But we cannot expect Him to pull the trigger as well simply because 
we are faint-hearted.
It must be emphasised that all of the analysis provided here derives from the Islamic 
sources themselves and is not the product of critical Western scholarship. (Indeed, most 
modern Western scholarship of Islam is hardly “critical” in any meaningful sense.) It is 
Islam’s self-interpretation that necessitates and glorifies violence, not any foreign 
interpretation of it.
4. Frequently Asked Questions
There are a handful of questions that invariably arise when the point is made that Islam 
is violent. These questions for the most part are misleading or irrelevant and do not 
contest the actual evidence or arguments that violence is inherent to Islam. Nonetheless, 
they have proven rhetorically effective in deflecting serious scrutiny from Islam, and so I 
deal with some of them here.
a. What about the Crusades?
The obvious response to this question is, "Well, what about them?" Violence committed in 
the name of other religions is logically unconnected to the question of whether Islam is 
violent. But, by mentioning the Crusades, the hope of the Islamic apologist is to draw 
attention away from Islamic violence and paint religions in general as morally equivalent.
In both the Western academia and media as well as in the Islamic world, the Crusades 
are viewed as wars of aggression fought by bloody-minded Christians against peaceful 
Muslims. While the Crusades were certainly bloody, they are more accurately understood 
as a belated Western response to centuries of jihad than as an unprovoked, unilateral 
attack. Muslim rule in the Holy Land began in the second half of the 7th century during 
the Arab wave of jihad with the conquests of Damascus and Jerusalem by the second 
"rightly-guided Caliph," Umar. After the initial bloody jihad, Christian and Jewish life there 
was tolerated within the strictures of the dhimma and the Muslim Arabs generally 
permitted Christians abroad to continue to make pilgrimage to their holy sites, a practice 
which proved lucrative for the Muslim state. In the 11th century, the relatively benign 
Arab administration of the Holy Land was replaced with that of Seljuk Turks, due to civil 
war in the Islamic Empire. Throughout the latter half of the 11th century, the Turks 
waged war against the Christian Byzantine Empire and pushed it back from its 
strongholds in Antioch and Anatolia (now Turkey). In 1071, Byzantine forces suffered a 
crushing defeat at the Battle of Manzikert in what is now Eastern Turkey. The Turks 
resumed the jihad in the Holy Land, abusing, robbing, enslaving, and killing Christians 
there and throughout Asia Minor. They threatened to cut off Christendom from its holiest 
site, the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem, rebuilt under Byzantine stewardship 
after it was destroyed by Caliph Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah in 1009.
It was in this context of a renewed jihad in the Middle East that the Roman Pope, Urban 
II, issued a call in 1095 for Western Christians to come to the aid of their Eastern cousins 
(and seems to have harbored the hope of claiming Jerusalem for the Papacy after the 
Great Schism with Eastern Christianity in 1054). This "armed pilgrimage," in which 
numerous civilians as well as soldiers took part, would eventually become known years 
later as the First Crusade. The idea of a "crusade" as we now understand that term, i.e., 
a Christian "holy war," developed years later with the rise of such organisations as the 
Knights Templar that made "crusading" a way of life. It worth noting that the most ardent 
Crusaders, the Franks, were exactly those who had faced jihad and razzias for centuries 
along the Franco-Spanish border and knew better than most the horrors to which 
Muslims subjected Christians. At the time of the First Crusade, the populations of Asia 
Minor, Syria, and Palestine, though ruled by Muslims, were still overwhelmingly Christian. 
The "Crusading" campaigns of the Western Christian armies were justified at the time as 
a war liberating the Eastern Christians, whose population, lands, and culture had been 
devastated by centuries of jihad and dhimmitude. Conquering territory for God in the 
mode of jihad was an alien idea to Christianity and it should not be surprising that it 
eventually died out in the West and never gained ascendancy in the East.
Following the very bloody capture of Jerusalem in 1099 by the Latin armies and the 
establishment of the Crusader States in Edessa, Antioch, and Jerusalem, the Muslim and 
Christian forces fought a see-saw series of wars, in which both parties were guilty of the 
usual gamut of wartime immorality. Over time, even with reinforcing Crusades waged 
from Europe, the Crusader States, strung out on precarious lines of communication, 
slowly succumbed to superior Muslim power. In 1271, the last Christian citadel, Antioch, 
fell to the Muslims. No longer having to divert forces to subdue the Christian beachhead 
on the Eastern Mediterranean, the Muslims regrouped for a 400-year-long jihad against 
Southern and Eastern Europe, which twice reached as far as Vienna before it was halted. 
In geo-strategic terms, the Crusades can be viewed as an attempt by the West to 
forestall its own destruction at the hands of Islamic jihad by carrying the fight to the 
enemy. It worked for a while.
Significantly, while the West has for some time now lamented the Crusades as mistaken, 
there has never been any mention from any serious Islamic authority of regret for the 
centuries and centuries of jihad and dhimmitude perpetrated against other societies. But 
this is hardly surprising: while religious violence contradicts the fundamentals of 
Christianity, religious violence is written into Islam's DNA.
b. If Islam is violent, why are so many Muslims peaceful?
This question is a bit like asking, "If Christianity teaches humility, tolerance, and 
forgiveness, why are so many Christians arrogant, intolerant, and vindictive?" The 
answer in both cases is obvious: in any religion or ideology there will be many who 
profess, but do not practice, its tenets. Just as it is often easier for a Christian to hit 
back, play holier-than-thou, or disdain others, so it is often easier for a Muslim to stay at 
home rather than embark on jihad. Hypocrites are everywhere.
Furthermore, there are also people who do not really understand their own faith and so 
act outside of its prescribed boundaries. In Islam, there are likely many Muslims who do 
not really understand their religion thanks to the importance of reciting the Quran in 
Arabic but not having to understand it. It is the words and sounds of the Quran that 
attract Allah's merciful attention rather than Quranic knowledge on the part of the 
supplicant. Especially in the West, Muslims here are more likely to be attracted by 
Western ways (which explains why they are here) and less likely to act violently against 
the society to which they may have fled from an Islamic tyranny abroad.
However, in any given social context, as Islam takes greater root -- increasing numbers 
of followers, the construction of more mosques and "cultural centers," etc. -- the greater 
the likelihood that some number of its adherents will take its violent precepts seriously. 
This is the problem that the West faces today.
c. What about the violent passages in the Bible?
First, violent Biblical passages are irrelevant to the question of whether Islam is violent.
Second, the violent passages in the Bible certainly do no amount to a standing order to 
commit violence against the rest of the world. Unlike the Quran, the Bible is a huge 
collection of documents written by different people at different times in different 
contexts, which allows for much greater interpretative freedom. The Quran, on the other 
hand, comes exclusively from one source: Muhammad. It is through the life of 
Muhammad that the Quran must be understood, as the Quran itself says. His wars and 
killings both reflect and inform the meaning of the Quran. Furthermore, the strict 
literalism of the Quran means that there is no room for interpretation when it comes to 
its violent injunctions. As it is through the example of Christ, the "Prince of Peace," that 
Christianity interprets its scriptures, so it is through the example of the warlord and 
despot Muhammad that Muslims understand the Quran.
d. Could an Islamic "Reformation" pacify Islam?
As should be plain to anyone who has examined the Islamic sources, to take the violence 
out of Islam would require it to jettison two things: the Quran as the word of Allah and 
Muhammad as Allah's prophet. In other words, to pacify Islam would require its 
transformation into something that it is not. The Western Christian Reformation, that is 
often used as an example, was an attempt (successful or not) to recover the essence of 
Christianity, namely, the example and teachings of Christ and the Apostles. Trying to get 
back to the example of Muhammad would have very different consequences. Indeed, one 
may say that Islam is today going through its "Reformation" with the increasing jihadist 
activity around the globe. Today, Muslims of the Salafi ("early generations") school are 
doing exactly that in focusing on the life of Muhammad and his early successors. These 
reformers are known to their detractors by the derogative term Wahhabi. Drawing their 
inspiration from Muhammad and the Quran, they are invariably disposed to violence. The 
unhappy fact is that Islam today is what it has been fourteen centuries: violent, 
intolerant, and expansionary. It is folly to think that we, in the course of a few years or 
decades, are going to be able to change the basic world outlook of a foreign civilisation. 
Islam's violent nature must be accepted as given; only then will we be able to come up 
with appropriate policy responses that can improve our chances of survival.
e. What about the history of Western colonialism in the Islamic world?
Following the defeat of the Ottoman army outside Vienna on September 11, 1683 by 
Polish forces, Islam went into a period of strategic decline in which it was overwhelmingly 
dominated by the European powers. Much of dar al-Islam was colonised by the European 
powers who employed their superior technology and exploited the rivalries within the 
Muslim world to establish colonial rule.
While many of the practices of the Western imperial powers in the governance of their 
colonies were clearly unjust, it is utterly unwarranted to regard Western imperialism -- as 
it often is -- as an endemic criminal enterprise that is the basis of modern resentment 
against the West. It was only due to the assertive role of the Western powers that 
modern nation-states such as India, Pakistan, Israel, South Africa, Zimbabwe, etc. came 
to exist in the first place. Without Western organisation, these areas would have likely 
remained chaotic and tribal as they had existed for centuries.
When one looks at the post-colonial world, it is apparent that the most successful post-
colonial nations have a common attribute: they are not Muslim. The United States, 
Australia, Hong Kong, Israel, India, and the South American nations clearly outshine their 
Muslim-majority post-colonial counterparts -- Iraq, Algeria, Pakistan, Bangladesh, 
Indonesia, etc. -- by just about any standard. 
f. How can a violent political ideology be the second-largest and fastest-growing 
religion on earth?
It should not be surprising that a violent political ideology is proving so attractive to 
much of the world. The attractive power of fascist ideas has been proven through history. 
Islam combines the interior comfort provided by religious faith with the outward power of 
a world-transforming political ideology. Like the revolutionary violence of Communism, 
jihad offers an altruistic justification for waging death and destruction. Such an ideology 
will naturally draw to it violent-minded people while encouraging the non-violent to take 
up arms themselves or support violence indirectly. Because something is popular hardly 
makes it benign.
Furthermore, the areas in which Islam is growing most rapidly, such as Western Europe, 
have been largely denuded of their religious and cultural heritage, which leaves Islam as 
the only vibrant ideology available to those in search of meaning. 
g. Is it fair to paint all Islamic schools of thought as violent?
Islamic apologists often point out that Islam is not a monolith and that there are 
differences of opinion among the different Islamic schools of thought. That is true, but, 
while there are differences, there are also common elements. Just as Orthodox, Roman 
Catholic, and Protestant Christians differ on many aspects of Christianity, still they accept 
important common elements. So it is with Islam. One of the common elements to all 
Islamic schools of thought is jihad, understood as the obligation of the Ummah to 
conquer and subdue the world in the name of Allah and rule it under Sharia law. The four 
Sunni Madhhabs (schools of fiqh [Islamic religious jurisprudence]) -- Hanafi, Maliki, 
Shafi'i, and Hanbali -- all agree that there is a collective obligation on Muslims to make 
war on the rest of the world. Furthermore, even the schools of thought outside Sunni 
orthodoxy, including Sufism and the Jafari (Shia) school, agree on the necessity of jihad. 
When it comes to matters of jihad, the different schools disagree on such questions as 
whether infidels must first be asked to convert to Islam before hostilities may begin 
(Osama bin Laden asked America to convert before Al-Qaeda's attacks); how plunder 
should be distributed among victorious jihadists; whether a long-term Fabian strategy 
(Wearing your opponent down) against dar al-harb is preferable to an all-out frontal 
attack; etc.
h. What about the great achievements of Islamic civilisation through history?
Islamic achievements in the fields of art, literature, science, medicine, etc. in no way 
refute the fact that Islam is intrinsically violent. Roman and Greek civilisations produced 
many great achievements in these fields as well, but also cultivated powerful traditions of 
violence. While giving the world the brilliance of Virgil and Horace, Rome was also a 
home to gladiatorial combat, the slaughter of Christians, and, at times, rampant 
militarism.
Furthermore, the achievements of Islamic civilisation are pretty modest given its 1300 
year history when compared to Western, Hindu, or Confucian civilisations. Many Islamic 
achievements were in fact the result of non-Muslims living within the Islamic Empire or of 
recent converts to Islam. One of the greatest Islamic thinkers, Averroes, ran afoul of 
Islamic orthodoxy through his study of non-Islamic (Greek) philosophy and his 
preference for Western modes of thought. Once the dhimmi populations of the Empire 
dwindled toward the middle of the second millennium AD, Islam began its social and 
cultural "decline."

