# 1.7 Review 2: Islam – What the West needs to know

> 原文页码: 102-121

Original source (original source have been further developed/expanded by author of 2083): 
http://jihadwatch.org/islam101/  by Gregory M. Davis
1.7 Review 2: Islam – What the West needs to know
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his prophet
3. The struggle
4. Expansion
5. War is Deceit
6. More than a Religion
7. The House of War
This film documentary is also available here: 
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-871902797772997781
1. Introduction
Tony Blair:
I wish to say finally as I’ve said many times before that this is not a war with Islam. It 
angers me as it angers the vast majority of Muslims to hear Bin Laden and his associates 
described as Islamic terrorists. They are terrorists pure and simple. Islam is a peaceful and 
tolerant religion, and the acts of these people are holy contrary to the teachings of the 
Quran.
George Bush:
We respect your faith. It’s practiced freely by many millions of Americans and by millions 
more in countries that America counts as friends. Its teachings are good and peaceful and 
those who commit evil in the name of Allah blaspheme the name of Allah.
Bill Clinton:
Our actions were not aimed against Islam. The faith of hundreds of millions of good, peace 
loving people all around the world including the United States. No religion condones the 
murder of innocent men, women and children. But our actions were aimed at fanatics and 
killers who wrapped murder in the cloak of righteousness and in so doing profaned the 
great religion in whose name they claim to act.
Serge Trifkovic, Foreign Affairs Editor, Chronicles Magazine
The tendency of western political leaders to deny the connection between Orthodox 
Islamic Mainstream and terrorist violence are replicated in Universities and the media 
wherever you look both in Western Europe and North America. 
The members of the elite class have the tendency to proclaim that Islam is peaceful and 
tolerant and those Muslims related to violence are a non representative group.
I would really appreciate if people who make such claims could then explain the 
continuity of violence from the earliest day of Islam, from the earliest days of the prophet 
Muhammad and his immediate successors throughout the 1300th century of recorded 
history.
Robert Spencer, Author, Islam Unveiled, Director of Jihadwatch.org
Do Islam and an Islamic civilisation actually sanction the violence that we are seeing 
being perpetrated in its name around the world?
If we are going to be honest about this we would have to answer an absolute yes. The 
Islamic sources, the Islamic texts starting with the Quran but not limited to the Quran, 
Islamic texts including the Hadith, Islamic tradition, Islamic theology, Islamic law, the 
traditions of the interpretations of the Quran throughout history and Islamic history itself; 
All bear witness to the fact that Islam has a developed doctrine theology and law that 
mandates violence against unbelievers.
Bat Ye’or, Author – The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians under Islam
The origins are, of course, in the Muslim desire to impose all over the world; the only 
religion – the only just religion – which is Islam and the suppression of all other religions 
in order to establish the rule of Allah throughout the world. This is a religious duty, which 
binds the whole community, and which the Muslim community is obliged to impose 
because they are obliged to obey the order of Allah and this is the desire of Allah as 
expressed in the Quranic revelation.
Abdullah Al-Araby – Director, The Pen vs. The Sword Publications
I believe that those terrorists that want to do harm to others are applying the true Islam 
who was practiced by Muhammad and his followers in the early stage of Islam.
2. There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his prophet
Robert Spencer
In Islamic theology the prophet Muhammad is considered ” al-insan al-kamil” the perfect 
man. The more a Muslim is like him the better off he is. So the prophet Mohammad is 
revered today in the Islamic world as the primary model of human behaviour. 
Abdullah Al-Araby 
As an illustration, the following examples by Muhammad inspire current Palestinian 
groups to fight Jihad against the Jews in Palestine. 
Authoritative Islamic History – The Life of Muhammad/Sirat Rasul Allah – By Muhammad 
bin Ishaq (d 773 AD). Edited by Abdul Malik bin Hisham (d 840 AD). Translated by Prof 
Alfred Guillaume (1955).
The life of Muhammad – P 464
They surrendered, and the Apostle confined them in Medina,,, Then the Apostle went out to 
the market of Medina and dug trenches in it.
Robert Spencer
Another example which is the most chilling of the influence that Muhammad’s influence 
has today on the Islamic world was exemplified recently by an Egyptian leader of a 
radical Muslim party. He recently wrote that he couldn’t believe that the beheadings in 
Iraq were being protested by Muslims. Weren’t they aware that the prophet Muhammad 
himself beheaded between 600 and 900 men personally, members of the Jewish Quraiza 
tribe in Arabia after he had defeated them. Didn’t they realise that if the prophet did it 
then this was the proper way to behave? So the Mujahideen in Iraq who were beheading 
people are simply obeying the example of the prophet.
Now we can see then, since the prophet Muhammad himself participated in many battles 
and raids and did indeed perpetrate these beheadings, he ordered the assassination of 
several of his political opponents and he behaved in general like a typical 7th century 
warlord. The problem is that when this is transferred to 21st century behaviour and 21st 
century contexts of behaviour then what you get are terrorists.
The Quran occupies a place that has no parallel in Western civilisation. The Quran is 
considered by Muslims and by traditional Islamic theology to be dictated word for word 
by Allah himself through the Angel Gabriel to the prophet Muhammad. As a result every 
word of it is the word of Allah himself. Every word of the Quran except if it is cancelled by 
another section of the Quran itself is valid for all time and can not be questioned, can not 
be reformed, can not be changed within an Islamic context. This means that moderate 
Muslims, peaceful Muslims if they are sincere, have to reject entirely Quranic literalism 
but to do so put them outside the sphere anything that has been considered orthodox 
Islam throughout history. To do so is to reject the very basic premise of Islam that this is 
a book that is dictated by Allah which is a perfect copy of a perfect book, the “Umm Al-
Kitāb”, the mother of the book that has existed forever with Allah in heaven.
The Noble Koran
Translated with Parenthetical Notes by Dr. Muhammad Taqi-du-Din Al-Hilali and Dr. 
Muhammad Muhsin Khan.
Sura 98 Verse 6
Verily, those who disbelieve (in the religion of Islam, the Quran and the prophet 
Muhammad) from among the People of the Scripture (Jews and Christians) and Al-
Musrhikun (other disbelievers) will abide in the Fire of Hell. They are he worst of creatures.
Serge Trifkovic
So the Quran is simply a set of direct commandments, descriptions, sometimes much 
distorted descriptions of Judaism and Christianity. Because of the nature of those 
commandments a second ”body” for Islamic interpretation is the Hadith, the tradition of 
the prophet Muhammad.
Robert Spencer
The Hadith is absolutely necessary to make any sense of the Quran because Allah 
addresses Mohammad in the Quran and they talk about incidents in Muhammad’s life but 
they don’t fill in the narrative details. You have to go to the Hadith, the traditions of the 
prophet Muhammad in order to understand what’s being said in the Quran and why. The 
Hadith are many volumes of the traditions of the prophet, various Muslim scholars 
beginning in the 8th century which is some considerable time after the life of Mohammad 
who died in 632. They started to collect these traditions and try to window out the 
authentic ones from the in-authentic. From an Islamic standpoint, if something 
Muhammad said or did is recorded in of those books then it has authority second only to 
the Quran. And in those books there is a great that illuminates what the Quran says and 
how it is applicable to Muslims in the presence.
Authoritative Traditions of the prophet Muhammad – The Hadith’s of Sahih Al-
Bukhari, translated with Parenthetical Notes by Dr Muhammad Muhsin Khan.
Sahih Al- Bukhari
Vol 4, Bk 52, Hadith 53
The Prophet said; ”Nobody who dies and finds good from Allah (in the Hereafter) would 
wish to come back to this world even if he were given the whole world and whatever is in 
it.
… except the martyr who, on seeing the superiority of martyrdom, would like to come back 
to the world and get killed again (in Allah’s Cause).
The Prophet said, ”A single endeavour (of fighting) in Allah’s Cause in the afternoon or in 
the forenoon is better than all the world and whatever is in it.”
Serge Trifkovic
Since there is no sense of natural morality in Islam you have to go in to the Quran or the 
Hadith to find out what is allowed and what is not allowed
Robert Spencer
And in those books we have very clear instructions from Muhammad that it is the 
responsibility of every Muslim to meet the unbelievers on the battlefield to invite them 
either to accept Islam or to accept second class Dhimmi status in the Islamic state. If 
they refuse both alternatives then they will wage war against them.
Sura 9 Verse 29
Fight against those who believe not in Allah, nor in the Last Day, nor forbid that which has 
been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger.
… and fight against those who acknowledge not the religion of truth (i.e., Islam) among the 
People of the Scripture (Jews and Christians), until they pay the Jizyah (Tax for 
Jews/Christians) with willing submission and feel themselves subdued.
The Quran is broken down into two sections, one is called Mecca which means what was 
inspired to Muhammad in Mecca and one is called Medina, what was inspired to 
Muhammad in Medina.
In Mecca you find many of the peaceful Verses, Mohammad used to live with the Jewish 
and Christian community in peace and harmony. Those Verses almost invariably date 
back to beginning of Muhammad’s prophetic career and his native city of Mecca where he 
was powerless, where he was only beginning to attract followers.
Abdullah Al-Araby – Director, the Pen vs. the Sword Publications
Only relatives and friends accepted the religion at that time. He has many foes so the 
revelations of that time are very peaceful. This all changes with the establishment of 
Muhammad’s theocratic state let in the city of Medina. He becomes a warlord and head of 
a totalitarian state, he becomes very rich and powerful and very intolerant and then 
many of these early Verses get abrogated.
In Sura 2 Verse 106 Allah says that if I abrogate a Verse I will give you one that is better.
Sura 2 Verse 106
Whatever a Verse (revelation) do we abrogate or cause to be forgotten, we bring a better 
one or similar to it. Know you not that Allah is able to do all things?
Robert Spencer
This is the basis, the foundation of the Quranic doctrine of ” Naskh” which is abrogation. 
And it is the idea that when there are Verses that are contradictory in the Quran the one 
that is revealed later chronologically is better as Allah has promised and cancels the 
earlier one.
Walid Shoebat – Former Muslim and member of PLO Fatah Brigade, Author; Why 
I Left Jihad
Now the violence started, now you had to weigh between peaceful Verses and non-
peaceful Verses. The result was that the peaceful ones were made null and void.
Serge Trifkovic
It is indeed a very curious concept for a non-Muslim to accept a notion that God may 
change his mind about a topic. He may issue one injunction in AD 614;
Sura 2 Verse 256
There is no compulsion (i.e., coercion) in religion.
And then a very different one in AD 627;
Sura 9 Verse 5
Kill the unbelievers wherever you find them. …But if they repent and accept Islam … then 
leave their way free.
But this is indeed what has happened in Islam.
Robert Spencer
It’s very important to understand that the Quran is not arranged chronologically, it’s 
arranged on the basis of the longest chapter to the shortest.
Serge Trifkovic
So you will find in the book itself some of these more tolerant Verses at a later point in 
the book than the very intolerant ones advocating violence and the subjugation of the 
infidels. But that doesn’t mean they came into being later, on quite the contrary. It is 
therefore the ones that came in ”Medina” that retains their validity and the ones that 
came early in Mecca that have been abrogated.
Walid Shoebat
The peaceful Verses became null and void compared to Verses of the Sword.
Robert Spencer
Traditional Islamic theology has it that the ninth chapter of the Quran – Sura 9, is the last 
revealed in the career of the prophet. And it is the only one that doesn’t begin with; In 
the name of Allah the compassionate, the merciful. Some have said that’s because there 
is no compassion or mercy in this particular chapter and that it is the Quran’s last word 
on Jihad and in particular on how Muslims should behave toward unbelievers. In it is the 
celebrated Verse of the Sword.
Walid Shoebat
So what does the Verse of the Sword say? It’s very clear; Kill the people of the book 
(Christians and Jews) wherever you find them, lay siege for them, lay ambush for them, 
kill them wherever you find them. In fact, I converted to Christianity, Mohammad clearly 
stated that on the end of days there will be many who defect from the faith, kill them 
when you see them wherever you find them. So this is the question the West needs to 
understand, what part of kill don’t they understand?
3. The struggle
Condoleezza Rice;
We are a country that judges people not by their religious beliefs and not by their colour 
but by the fact that we are all Americans so that was the first part of the message. The 
second part of the message is that we have a lot of friends around the world who are 
Muslim, we have countries that are long friends of the United States who are of the Islamic 
faith and the President want it to be very clear that this is not a war of civilisations, this is 
not a war against Islam. This is a war against people who in many ways pervert what Islam 
stands for. Islam stands for peace and stands for non-violence.
Robert Spencer
Islam and the Islamic civilisation are unique in their stance against non-believers. Islam 
is the only religion in the world that has a developed doctrine theology and law that 
mandates violence against un-believers. It is no doubt that there are peaceful Muslims, 
that there are Muslims around the world who are moderate, who live in harmony with 
their non-Muslim neighbours and have no intention of ever waging war against them in 
any way. But the fact is that they have a very slim justification for their own peacefulness 
within the Islamic sources themselves. They are only at peace with their neighbours so 
far as they are either ignorant of what Islam teaches about how Muslims should behave 
toward un-believers or they have explicitly and consciously rejected those elements of 
Islam. In short there are peaceful and moderate Muslims but no peaceful and moderate 
Islam.
The idea that Islam is a religion of peace however is paradoxically even held by the most 
violent and radical of Muslims. Sayved Qutb, the Egyptian Muslim theorist (1906-1966, 
wrote Islam and Universal Peace), whose writings are revered by radical Muslims and 
terrorists today. He wrote and insisted that Islam is a religion of peace. When you study 
his writings it becomes clear that he meant that Islam is dedicated to establishing the 
hegemony of Islamic law throughout the world. When that hegemony is established 
peace will reign in the world. Therefore, Islam is a religion of peace.
Walid Shoebat
The problem is that the peaceful Muslims don’t understand the ”edicts” that comes out of 
the jurisprudence of Islam. If you look at the interpretation of these Verses in Al-Azhar 
University, in Islamic Sharia schools in Jerusalem, in Jordan, In Syria, In Damascus, all 
throughout the Middle East the jurisprudence of Islam clearly state that the Verse of the 
Sword make the peaceful Verses null and void. So what does the Verse of the Sword say?
Sura 9 Verse 5
Then when the sacred months (the 1st, 7th, 11th, and 12th months of the Islamic 
calendar) have passed, then kill the Mushrikun (un-believers) wherever you find them, and 
capture them and besiege them, and prepare for them each and every ambush. But if they 
repent and perform Iqamat-as-Salat (The Islamic prayers), and give Zakat, then leave their 
way free. Verily, Allah is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful.
Walid Shoebat
Kill them when you see them, wherever you find them. This is not an allegoric kill, it’s a 
literal kill. Its the killing of Zarqawi right in front of the camera, its the lynching that you 
see in Ramallah, its the killing of more than a million Sudanese, cutting the hands and 
feet from opposite sides. And here’s a dilemma. Even the peaceful Verse that is quoted 
by Bush, the Verse goes as follows;
Whoever kills a life without just cause or for doing mischief in the land then he has killed 
the entire earth. 
You will find the same Verse in the Judea biblical tradition but most Westerners stop after 
that Verse. It continues; But those that do mischief in the land, then cut their hands and 
their feet from opposite sides and crucify them. And that is what you see happen in 
Afghanistan, in Sudan, a huge amount of crucifixions, killings and beheadings. There are 
also amputations and public assassinations. They really want to revive Islam as it used to 
be. This is why they call it Islamic fundamentalism.
Sura 5 Verse 33
The recompense of those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and do mischief in 
the land is only that they shall be killed or crucified, or their hands and their feet be cut off 
on the opposite sides, or be exiled from the land. That is their disgrace in this world, and a 
great torment is theirs in the Hereafter.
Sahih Al-Bukhari
Vol 8, Bk 82, Hadith 795
The Prophet cut off the hands and feet of the men belonging to the tribe of Uraina and did 
not cauterise their bleeding limbs till they died.
Walid Shoebat
In Islam’s thinking, the assurance of your salvation is dying as a martyr. In accordance to 
the Verse in the Quran; ”Do not think that the ones that die in Jihad are dead but are 
living”. So this ensures salvation. 
Robert Spencer
This is the calculus behind modern suicide bombing, modern Muslim advocates will say; 
“Islam forbids suicide” and this is plainly dishonest because all the defenders of suicide 
bombings in the Islamic world start out by saying; “This is not suicide”. The intention of 
the person is not to kill himself. The intention of the person is to kill others. And that is 
sanctioned because it is Islamic Jihad. And if they in the process are killed themselves, 
that’s an unavoidable consequence of their actions and they will be rewarded with the 
reward of martyrs in paradise. 
Serge Trifkovic
The Quran is quite clear about heavenly reward for a Jihadist who falls fighting in the 
path of Allah. He will be granted instant access to paradise and a Muslim paradise is an 
extremely sensual one. It is full of “whories” – black eyed beauties (72 virgins) that will 
await the martyr and the gratification that follows is endless.
Robert Spencer
The Quran contains no guarantee of paradise except for those who slay and are slain in 
the cause of Allah.
Sura 9 Verse 111
Verily, Allah has purchased of the believers their lives and their properties; for the price 
that theirs shall be the Paradise. They fight in Allah’s cause, so they kill others and are 
killed. Then rejoice in the bargain which you have concluded. That is the supreme success. 
Robert Spencer
In other words, the guarantees of paradise are for people who are killed while they are 
killing to establish the hegemony of Allah or Islamic law in the world. 
Jihad can be spiritual or physical. The spiritual Jihad is striving to be a better Muslim. The 
physical Jihad is however something that can’t be ignored. 
Walid Shoebat
Jihad in Islam means struggle. That’s the literal meaning of the word. But what the West 
doesn’t understand is that there are more than 100 Hadith’s about Jihad. And if you look 
at every single one of them they all contain a sword, war or a military effort. 
Serge Trifkovic
It is a very dangerous element of the Islamic teaching because this instant gratification 
from martyrdom is an attractive concept. When a so called martyr operation is carried 
out by f. example Hamas what is announced from the minarets in Mosques is not the 
deaths of person “x”, who carried out the attack, but the wedding of person “x” to the 
whories (70 virgins). In other words they immediately make the implication that person 
“x’s” family, parents etc, instead of cry and mourn over the disappearance and end of his 
physical life should instead celebrate, be happy and throw a party because their son is 
now not only being transported to paradise but greeted there by 70 virgins.
Walid Shoebat
The word Shaheed means witness, to testify. To testify that there is no God but Allah and 
Muhammad is his messenger. And you die as a Shadeed for that cause. You’re a witness, 
a martyr. And a martyr becomes glorified. You’re family will glorify you after you die.
As a Muslim fundamentalist living in the Middle East, you have to be initiated. You have 
to basically kill your first Jew or destroy your first Zionist infrastructure. You have to 
prove without a shadow of a doubt that you are worthy. And there are ample amounts of 
students, teenagers, men who are willing to die a martyr’s death, willing to put 
explosives. The martyr applications are filled. There are many applicants. There are not 
enough bombs to fulfil the applicants. And to get on one of those missions you have to 
be a strong candidate, you have to be violent enough, you have to have joined every 
demonstration in the streets of Jerusalem, in Bethlehem, you have to show that you are 
worthy of a greater operation. If you are about to die or are taking a considerate amount 
of risk you struggle between the requirements of your Islamic upbringing and between 
the realities that you value your life.
4. Expansion
Robert Spencer
Islam understands its earthly mission to extend the law of Allah over the world by force. 
Now this is distinct from extending the religion by force. Muslims often indignantly deny 
that Islam was spread by the sword as the old expression goes and that anybody is ever 
forced to convert to Islam. Forced conversions are a constant hallmark of Islamic history 
but they are technically forbidden by Islamic law. The idea in Islam is that Muslims must 
wage war to establish the hegemony of Islamic law. Not everyone will be forced to 
become Muslim but the non-Muslims will be relegated to second class status. They will 
not be able to live in the society as equals to the Muslims and it is the responsibility of 
Muslims around the world to fight, to institute that kind of society.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 4, Bk 53, Hadith 392
While we were in the Mosque, the Prophet came out and said, ”Let us go to the Jews”. We 
went out till we reached Bait-ul-Midras. He said to them, ”If you embrace Islam, you will be 
safe. You should know that the earth belongs to Allah and His Apostle, and I want to expel 
you from this land. So, if anyone amongst you owns some property, he is permitted to sell 
it, otherwise you should know that the Earth belongs to Allah and His Apostle.
Bat Ye’or
The Muslims see the extension of Jihad as a war liberating the infidels from their infidelity 
and a privilege for them to enter in the religion of Islam and to abandon their wrong 
belief. So Jihad is seen as a favour which is given to the infidel population in order to 
change their ways and convert to the true religion; Islam. 
Sura 8, Verse 67
It is not for a Prophet that he should have prisoners of war (and free them with ransom) 
until he had made a great slaughter (among his enemies) in the land. You desire the good 
of this world (i.e. the money of ransom for freeing the captives), but Allah desires (for you) 
the Hereafter. And Allah is All-Mighty, All-Wise.
Walid Shoebat
In the Muslim thinking, in the Muslim Sharia, the way the world is depicted in two 
houses; the House of Islam or the House of War. So the whole world is under these two 
houses. If you’re not a Muslim you’re under the House of War. In the West the Islamic 
apologists would say; no, that’s not accurate. it is the House of Peace and the House of 
Islam. And in fact that’s not accurate, if you look in the Hadith and if you look what 
comes from the highest jurisprudence in the Middle East that’s what is being taught. 
Bat Ye’or
Now the infidel populations are seeing this war as a genocidal war since as it is described 
by the Muslim historians of Jihad as well as extremely numerous Christian sources this 
war was conducted in great ferocity, whole cities were given up to massacres, entire 
populations were deported in slavery or massacred.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 4, Bk 53, Hadith 386
Umar sent the Muslims to the great countries to fight the pagans. … When we reached the 
land of the enemy, the representative of Khosrau (Persia) came out with forty-thousand 
warriors, and an interpreter got up saying, ”Let one of you talk to me!” Al-Mughira replied… 
”Our Prophet, the Messenger of our Lord, has ordered us to fight you till you worship Allah 
alone or give Jizyah (tribute) and our Prophet has informed us that our Lord says: Whoever 
amongst us is killed (martyred), shall go to Paradise to lead such a luxurious life as he has 
never seen, and whoever amongst us remains alive, shall become your master.
Bat Ye’or
There have been two big waves of Jihad; the Arab waves which started in the 7th century 
and in the cause of only one century had Islamised huge territories, mainly Christian 
territory from Portugal to Armenia but also Persia. Iraq was at the time Christian in the 
north and Jewish/Christian in the south.
First wave
634 AD Battle of Basra (Christian/Jewish)
635 AD Damascus Conquered
636 AD Ctesiphon Conquered
637 AD Jerusalem Conquered
641 AD Alexandria Conquered 
666 AD Sicily Conquered
670 AD Kabul Conquered
698 AD Carthage Conquered
711 AD Southern Spain Conquered
720 AD Narbonne (South France) Conquered
732 AD Battle of Poitiers – Muslim Advance Halted
Second wave 
1064 AD Armenia Conquered
1071 AD Battle of Manzikert
1331 AD Nicaea Conquered
1453 AD Constantinople Conquered
1460 AD Greece Conquered
1389 AD Battle of Kosovo
1521 AD Belgrade Conquered
1683 AD Siege of Vienna – Muslim Advance halted
The second wave of Islamisation started in the eleventh century with the Turkish tribes. 
All the regions of Eastern Europe, Anatolia which was the seat of the Christian Byzantine 
Empire (Now Turkey), Greece, Serbia, Bulgaria, Romania. All the countries around the 
Mediterranean which once were Christian became the Islamic Empire.
This Turkish wave lasted from the eleventh century until the seventeenth century where 
the Ottoman army was stopped at the gate of Vienna in 1683.
The Crusades 1095-1270 AD
Serge Trifkovic
The Crusades are not understood in the Muslim world today very differently to the way 
they are understood in the Western academia and among the Western elite class. Both 
talk of the Crusades as an aggressive war of conquest by Christian Europe against 
peaceful innocent Muslims. One may ask however what those Muslims were doing in the 
holy land in the first place. What happened was that Muhammad and his successors laid 
a series of wars of conquest and in one such onslaught in 624 AD the holy land – 
Palestine, Jerusalem was conquered by Muslims. Then Seljuk Turks started interfering 
with the ability of Christian pilgrims to go to the Holy Land, Jerusalem. When their 
physical safety was no longer guaranteed, the western Christians acted not only as re-
conquerors of the Holy Land that had been once theirs, they also acted quite rightly one 
might say as protectors of their holy places. A defensive war in the case of the Muslims is 
even a war of conquest. They are obligated to spread Islam but a land which had once 
been Muslim in particular must be re-conquered and the Jihad is the rightful name of that 
war of re-conquest. They could never accept the Crusader states in Antioch and 
Jerusalem because they were ”dar al-harb” or “the House of War” – reinstated into ” ”Dar 
al-Islam” or ”the House of Islam”.  This is a contemporary aspect of the Israeli-
Palestinian conflict which many Westerners are not fully aware of. 
Exactly the same psychology that prompted Saladin and others to fight the Crusaders is 
now motivating Hamas. In both cases it is not only a matter of the nationalistic desire of 
Arabs to expel Europeans and Jewish settlers. It is also the Quranic obligation of all good 
Muslims to make sure the land once ruled by Muslims will be reverted to their rule again.
From the British historian Hilaire Belloc’s – The Great Heresies – 1938
”… It has always seemed to me possible, and even probable, that there would be a 
resurrection of Islam and that our sons or grandsons would see the renewal of that 
tremendous struggle between the Christian culture and what has been for more than a 
thousand years its greatest opponent.” ”The suggestion that Islam may re-arise sounds 
fantastic – but this is only because men are always powerfully affected by the immediate 
past: - one might say that they are blinded by it…” ”But not so very long ago, less than a 
hundred years before the Declaration of Independence… Vienna was almost taken and only 
saved by the Christian army under the command of the King of Poland… on a date that 
ought to be among the most famous in history --
September 11, 1683,
Robert Spencer
On September 11th, 1683 the siege of Vienna was broken. That was the high point of 
Islamic Jihad expansion into Europe. After that Islam went into a decline and the Islamic 
world was colonised and in a drastically weakened state. It seems very likely, almost 
certain as far as I’m concerned that Osama Bin Laden chose September 11 in 2001 to 
signal that the decline of the Islamic world was over and that the Jihadists were back and 
that they were going to pick up where they left of in Vienna in 1683.
Serge Trifkovic
If we look at the tectonic plates between the Islamic world and the non-Islamic world 
today we notice something very interesting. That even very dI’Verse Muslim societies 
which can not be easily branded under one civilisation label have something in common 
and it is the tendency that they are in conflict with their neighbours. If we look at the 
extreme outreach of Islam we see East Timor were Indonesian Muslims slaughtered a 
third of the population of this former Portuguese colony who are Roman Catholics. In 
Southern Philippines an extremely violent Islamic rebellion has gradually escalated the 
last years. In Indonesia itself we had religious conflicts in the Spice Islands where the 
Christian minority are in danger of extinction. We have very active Islamic movements 
both in Thailand and in China, Xingjian. On the Indian subcontinent the history is tragic 
indeed, that’s where the Hindu holocaust took place in medieval times, a little known 
episode in the history of Islam in the Western world, but a one that left a deep traumatic 
mark on the people of the region and where the conflict is still present in the province of 
Kashmir. In Africa there is the constant war in Sudan which has been going on since 
1987. It’s hard to estimate the number of lives that have been claimed but its most likely 
several hundreds of thousands. There is the constant instability in Nigeria between the 
resurgent central northern states which are increasingly pressuring the government into 
accepting Sharia law as the law of the lands in those provinces. And of course there is 
Mauritania where Muslims constantly battle non-Muslim southerners. Then there is of 
course Caucasus-Chechnya and in Europe itself we have the conflict in former Yugoslavia 
between the Bosnian Muslims, Serbs and Croats and the conflict between Albanians, 
Serbs and Macedonians and quite possibly within not too long the conflict between the 
Albanians and Greeks. If we eliminate these conflicts, Chechnya, the Balkans, Sudan the 
world is a pretty peaceful place. If we eliminate from the terrorist equation, terrorist acts 
carried out by Muslims the past 5 years we would come to realise that the war on terror 
is un-necessary because terror is not a very big problem.
5. War is Deceit
US Senator from Nevada;
I’ve been on the floor before speaking about Islam and what a great religion it is. I’ve said 
before and I repeat; my wife’s primary physicians are two members of the Islamic faith, 
her internist and the person that has performed surgery on her. I know them well, been in 
their homes, socialised with them, talked about very serious things with them; we’ve 
helped each other with family problems. I’ve been to the new Mosque with them in Las 
Vegas. They are wonderful people with great families and I’ve come to realise that Islam is 
a good religion, it’s a good way of life, people have a good health code as their religion 
dictates and they have great spiritual values as their religion dictates. It’s too bad that 
there are some people, misdirected people, around the world trying to take away from this 
very fine religion. I believe that they cannot give this religion a bad name; I think that the 
power of this religion and the power of the people in this religion will overcome these evil 
people that are using this fine religion to do bad things to innocent people.
Robert Spencer
Islam is a religion and is a political system that dictates that one must carry out warfare 
against un-believers until they either convert or submit. This is the justification that the 
terrorists around the world are using for what they are doing and that justification is 
based on core elements of Islamic tradition. That being the case; it’s very difficult for 
moderate Muslims, peaceful Muslims to stand up within the Islamic community and to 
say; this is not part of Islam. They only do so out of conscious deception intending to 
mislead Westerners in accord with the Islamic doctrine of ” Taqiyya” - religious 
deception, or they do so on the basis of simply being unaware of what Islam actually 
teaches.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 4, Bk 52, Hadith 269
The Prophet said; ”War is deceit.”
Abdullah Al-Araby
Lying, generally speaking, is not allowed in Islam. But unlike other religions there are 
certain situations where a Muslim can lie and that would be acceptable, even encouraged. 
This concept is called ”al-Taqiyya” which means ”prevention”. So a Muslim is allowed to 
lie to prevent harm that may come to him, his group or to Islam
Robert Spencer
When one is under pressure one may lie in order to protect the religion. This is taught in 
the Quran, Chapter 3, Verse 28 and Chapter 16, Verse 106.
Abdullah Al-Araby
There are certain provisions for lying. A Muslim can lie for the cause of Islam, can lie to 
his family to keep peace, so he can lie to his wife. A Muslim can lie to his fellow Muslim to 
keep peace in the society.
Mohammad himself ordered people to lie. When people that he ordered to go and kill 
somebody, they told him; we cannot kill them unless we lie to that person. He said; ok, 
fine, lie.
The life of Muhammad – P 367
The Apostle said… ”Who will rid me of Ibnul-Ashraf?” Muhammad bin Maslama, brother of 
the Bani Abdul-Ashal, said, ”I will deal with him for you, O Apostle of God, I will kill him”. 
The Apostle said; ”Do so if you can.” … He said, ”O Apostle of God, we shall have to tell 
lies.” He answered; ”Say what you like, for you are free in the matter.”
Serge Trifkovic
The spokesman for Islam in the Western world knows how to play the game. They know 
how to present their cause in a way that is not only regarded as acceptable by the 
society mainstream but also reasonable and just. They will appeal to democratic 
institutions and their human rights in the full knowledge that given the power to do so, 
they will abolish those institutions and deny those rights to others.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 7, Bk 67, Hadith 427
”By Allah, and Allah willing, if I take an oath and later find something else that is better 
than that, then I do what is better and expiate my oath.”
Walid Shoebat – Personal experiences around committing “al-Taqiyya”
When I used to work as a translator at the Luc College in Chicago we arranged fund 
raising events for Jihadi movements, PLO being one of those organisations. We handed 
out and placed announcements for the event on the walls of the College.  And I 
remember on Arabic it would be basically the facts; bring your friends, we were intending 
to raise funds to support our Jihadi brothers in Lebanon during the fighting in Southern-
Lebanon against Israel. And then comes the English part. In the English part it would be 
the standard; we would be conducting a Middle-Eastern cultural event, you are all 
welcome, we will be serving lamb and ”baklava”… 
So the West really does not comprehend the magnitude of the “social deceit” that is 
going on in every aspect of social life, even from moderate Muslims. When we get 
together as a group our conversations are different. As soon as a Westerner would come 
into the scene then the whole conversation changes. It becomes compatible to western 
minds. 
When I used to go to work, I worked for an American company during the Gulf war, 
everyone would be hovering around the TV sets as soon as there was a scud missile 
hitting Riad or something like that and everyone would be distraught, unhappy if a scud 
lands in the American camp. And I would be among my American colleagues and say; 
“oh that’s too bad, I’m sorry that we had loss of life”. Out of frustration from having to 
keep the truth of what I really felt I would roll down the window on my way home on the 
freeway and scream as loud as I could; Allahu achbar!, Allahu achbar! 
This is the incantation you do when the enemy is killed, when you win. So if it was a 
victorious day for the Iraqi’s, when they land a scud missile it would be “Allahu achbar” 
on the freeway where no one could hear me. When I came home to my apartment the 
rest of the apartment complex were also Arabs from the Middle East. We would get 
together in my apartment, watch the Gulf war on satellite TV and we would be praising 
Allah every time there was an incident where Americans got killed. But it wasn’t the 
same face we put on in an American environment. In an American environment you 
played a different scenario, you acted as if you were on their side. So this whole façade is 
in place and the truth is often hidden from the west
Bat Ye’or
It was Edward Said, who wrote “Orientalism”, who is the main contributor in the creation 
of the view of this new version of Islam as a religion of peace and tolerance. These views 
are now established in all Western Universities and in academia. On this basis the whole 
history of Dhimmitude and Jihad disappeared.
Robert Spencer
Edward Said who in his book “Orientalism” wrote that criticism of the Islamic world on 
the part of Westerners was racist and imperialist. It is spread in order to make political 
points, to accustom Westerners to the idea that Muslims are here to stay in Europe and 
the US and that they must not be questioned in terms of their loyalty to the secular 
framework of Western society. They must not be questioned in this despite Islam’s 
historical, political character because Islam is the religion of peace. This fiction has 
become so entrenched in American and European public discourse such that anyone who 
does question it is immediately branded as a racist, a hate monger and a bigot. 
Furthermore, this is a very effective tool in a country where racism is the cardinal sin 
among all, to silence any effective debate about the continuing attachment of Muslim 
immigrants to Sharia law and their intentions toward the secular systems in which they 
now reside.
6. More than a Religion
Spokesperson for the Bush administration:
This is not a clash between Islam or Arabs, this is about freedom, not culture. It’s about 
working with Islamic governments who want to move forward into the modern world. 
Working with Islamic governments who see their face as a face of peace, and working 
against the violence and terror and the people who seek to hold back the world and who 
seek to disrupt peace and freedom for others. So that is what it’s about for us, the true 
faith of Islam, we believe, is a religion of peace and we intend to work with them in that 
regard.
Abdullah Al-Araby
Islam has to be known as more than a religion. The idea that Islam is a spiritual religion 
like f. example Christianity is completely incorrect.
Serge Trifkovic
It would be incorrect to describe Islam primarily as a religion. Since its early beginning in 
Muhammad’s lifetime it has also been a geo political project and a system of government 
and a political ideology.
Robert Spencer
Islam from its beginnings was both a religion and a system of government. F. example; 
the Islamic calendar doesn’t base year 1 from the time that Muhammad was born or the 
time that Muhammad received his first revelation from Allah which I think that both are 
what Westerners might expect. Year 1 is from the time that Muhammad became the 
leader of an army and a head of state in Medina. This is the beginning of the Islamic 
calendar because in the Islamic understanding Islam is a political and social system as 
well as an individual faith.
Serge Trifkovic
In Islam the separation between temporal secular and religious power is not only 
impossible, it is heretical. Only in the complete blending of all aspects of human activity 
and all aspects of political and legal functions of the state can we have the Caliphate, the 
properly organised state that is pleasing to Allah.
 Walid Shoebat
When Westerners think of religion whether its Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism and 
Buddhism, Westerners think that it’s a personal issue, a Buddhist will go to the temple 
and worship peacefully, a Jew goes to the temple and does his “mitzvah”, a Muslim goes 
to the mosque and pays “zakat”, a Christian goes to church on Sunday to pray. They 
think it’s a personal issue, that religion is a personal issue. So when they look at Islam 
they compare Islam with the way they understand religions, and that’s the first mistake. 
Islam is not a religion for personal use, Islam is Sharia law, Islam is a form of 
government to the world, THEN a personal application. It is not just how you pray and 
that you pray towards Mecca, it’s how you dress, you dress in Arab culture, you speak 
Arabic, you can’t go to heaven unless you pray in Arabic, you can’t read the Quran in 
English and expect to get good deeds to go to heaven. You read the Quran in Arabic. It 
becomes an imperialistic system where everybody now must speak Arabic, think Arabic 
and practice the religion in Arabic. it’s a form of law, not just in how you eat but how you 
get married, how you deal with your government, how you deal with your military, how 
you deal with the youth, how you deal with women – EVERY aspect of your life becomes 
Islam. Everything is Islam.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 2, Bk 23, Hadith 413
The Jews brought to the Prophet a man and a woman from amongst them who had 
committed (adultery) illegal sexual intercourse. The Prophet ordered both of them to be 
stoned (to death) near the place of offering the funeral prayers beside the mosque.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 7, Bk 62, Hadith 88
The Prophet wrote the marriage contract with Aisha while she was six years old and 
consummated his marriage with her while she was nine years old and she remained with 
him for nine years (i.e. till his death).
Robert Spencer
In no way is Islamic Sharia, Islamic government compatible with Western understandings 
of human rights and freedom of conscience. Traditional Islam forbids conversion from 
Islam and forbids anyone to leave Islam. There is no way out. It forbids Muslims and 
non-Muslims to live as equals in society. It mandates the second class status (dhimmi) of 
non-Muslims, forbidding them to hold authority over Muslims thus forbidding them to 
hold certain jobs as a result. It even historically mandated that houses of worship (of 
Jews and Christians) were neither to be built or repaired resulting in communities ending 
up in a constant state of decline.
Sura 5, Verse 51
O you who believe! Take not the Jews and the Christians as Auliya (friends, protectors, 
helpers, etc.), they are but Auliya to one another. And if any amongst you takes them as 
Auliya, then surely he is one of them.
Serge Trifkovic
It is not possible for a non-Muslim, living in a Muslim society to invoke his civil rights and 
human rights that would be independent or separate from the Sharia concept. He is 
expected to submit to Sharia willingly and if he accepts his Dhimmitude he will be a 
protected person. A protected person is someone who is in fact a willing subordinate to 
the Muslim overlords.
The life of Muhammad – P 368
We saluted him as he stood praying, and he came out to us, and we told him that we had 
killed God’s enemy. He spat upon our comrade’s wounds and both he and we returned to 
our families. 
Our attack upon God’s enemy cast terror among the Jews, and there was no Jew in Medina 
who did not fear for his life.
Walid Shoebat
Muhammad very clearly said, which is documented through the Hadith, that; “I have 
been ordered to fight until everyone says that “there is no god but Allah and Muhammad 
is the messenger of Allah”. This is how Islam spread to North-Africa, this is how Islam 
spread all the way to Indonesia and this is how Islam spread throughout the Middle-East. 
Syria was not a Muslim country, Lebanon was not Muslim. Saudi Arabia even, was a 
mixed multitude. That is how Islam spread all throughout the Middle-East, by the sword. 
This is why you don’t see any synagogues and churches in Saudi Arabia. Christianity is 
virtually non-existent. Even in the village in Bethlehem, Muslims are taking over. There is 
only 20% left of the Christian population. In Lebanon, Christian Lebanese are moving by 
the droves, Hezbollah there are very active. Lebanon used to be a Christian nation. Now 
all of a sudden it is being Islamised so Islam is on the move and has been since its 
creation.
Robert Spencer
Muslims who come to the United States and come to Europe with an idea that Sharia is 
the law of Allah, they look upon our freedom of religion and they look upon the fact that 
non-Muslims are in power making laws that are not on the basis of the law of Allah but 
on the basis of consensus and free elections. They look upon all that as a manifestation 
of “Jahelia” or unbelief - the pre-Islamic period of ignorance, as the times in any nation’s 
history before it became Muslim. You have Pakistan, Iran and so on; they refer to the 
period of their history before they became Muslim as the period of “Jahelia”. They will 
also consider the United States and Europe to be in periods of Jahelia today. And many 
Muslims coming into the United States and Western Europe will work to establish Islamic 
mechanisms of government here where the goal is to create Islamic states on the basis 
of the idea that secular states and the state based on elections has no legitimacy. You 
don’t have elections about the law of Allah, you simply obey what God says.
7. The House of War
Robert Spencer
The most important thing of what the west needs to know about Islam today is that it 
has a political character and that it is not simply a religion. It is a religion and a belief 
system that mandates warfare against unbelievers for the purpose for establishing a 
societal model that is absolutely incompatible with Western society. Americans needs to 
know this, Europeans need to know this because Muslims are coming in to Western 
countries while holding these beliefs and intending to act upon them. They are the 
motivation behind modern terrorist activity and they are the goals of millions of Muslims 
in the West and around the world. We need to know this so that we can protect 
ourselves. But unfortunately because of political correctness and because of media and 
general government unwillingness to face the sources of Islamic terrorism these things 
remain largely unknown.
Walid Shoebat
Islamic fundamentalism is a sleeper cell in Europe and the US. A good casing point is 
Saladin. Saladin is a great hero in Islam. Saladin was the one who defeated the 
Crusades. There was a treaty that was supposed to be happening between the Crusaders 
and Saladin and the story goes as follows; the Arab mediator came to Saladin and said – 
the Quran says: “If they concede to peace than concede to it”, which means that if the 
enemy wants peace let’s have peace which is a Verse you can find directly in the Quran. 
And Saladin responded with a great answer when he stated to the guy; you are an Arab 
and I’m a Kurd. You should know the Quran better than me... Don’t forget that the Quran 
also says; “Why should we concede for peace when we have the upper hand”. So you find 
both Verses in the Quran. You concede to peace when you are the weaker party. This is 
why you hear the term “hudna”. “Hudna” is a peace treaty, a cease fire. In Iraq, Sadr 
asked for hudna because he knew he couldn’t defeat the Americans. You find hudna’s in 
several conflicts when the enemy is stronger than you are. But as soon as you gain 
strength then you don’t concede for peace. This is why the face of Islamic 
fundamentalism in the West has a façade that Islam is a peaceful religion. Because they 
are waiting to have more Islamic immigrants, they are waiting to increase in number, 
waiting to increase their political power. Once they do then history will repeat itself. You 
will see the real face of Islamic fundamentalism here in your country.
Robert Spencer
It’s unfortunate but it’s no negotiating with Jihadists. There is no striking a deal with 
them. Islamic law is very clear on that and here once again is an example; we need to 
take Islam seriously! Islamic law does not allow for treaties. It does not allow for 
negotiated settlements between Muslim states and non-Muslim states. All it allows for is 
a temporary period of up to 10 years of hudna or what is commonly translated as truce. 
To allow the Islamic forces to gather its strength. But that’s not the same as peace as we 
know it. That’s not the same as the absence of the state of war, that’s only a temporary 
truce. In a war that the Jihadists consider has gone on for 14 centuries and are willing to 
fight for 14 more.
Sura 47, Verse 4
So, when you meet (in fight, Jihad in Allah’s Cause) those who disbelieve, smite at their 
necks till when you have killed and wounded many of them, then bind a bond firmly on 
them (i.e. take them as captives). … Thus you are ordered by Allah to continue in carrying 
out Jihad against the disbelievers till they embrace Islam (i.e. are saved from the 
punishment in the Hell-fire) or at least come under your protection), but if it had been 
Allah’s Will, He Himself could certainly have punished them (without you). But (he lets you 
fight), In order to test you, some with others. But those who are killed in the Way of Allah, 
He will never let their deeds be lost.
Serge Trifkovic
In Islamic thinking the world is divided into the “House of Islam”, where Islamic law has 
been established, where Allah rules supreme, and the “House of War” which is the rest of 
the world. This dichotomy is reminiscent of other totalitarian ideologies and most 
explicitly communism. Both communism and Islam seek the end of history in this world. 
The end of history will come when the entire world becomes Islam or when the 
proletarian revolution brings the working class to power all over the world which will be 
the end of state, the end of money and the end of class oppression. In both cases it is 
possible to have a period of truce. It is possible to have peaceful co-existence but that 
peaceful co-existence is a tactical ploy and not a permanent solution.
Sahih Al-Bukhari – Vol 4, Bk 52, Hadith 196
Allah’s Apostle said, “I have been ordered to fight with the people till they say, none has 
the right to be worshipped but Allah.
Robert Spencer
If we consider that, if only we changed our policies toward Israel and if only we changed 
our policies toward Iraq or changed our policies on something else, if only we hadn’t 
taken out the “Mossadegh regime” in Iran in 1953… These ideas are ridiculous. They are 
based on a fundamental misunderstanding of the motives and goals of the Jihadists. This 
is not a conflict that was created with the creation of the state of Israel or a conflict that 
was created when the American army went into Iraq. The global Jihad has been going on 
without any significant interruption since the 7th century. And it only declined in force and 
activity at periods when the Islamic world was too weak to prosecute it.
Bat Ye’or
The question now that we have to ask ourselves is; do we want to preserve our Judea-
Christian values and our own civilisation or do we want, do we choose to go towards a 
dhimmitude, an enlarged dhimmitude in Europe which will engulf the whole of Europe. 
This process is not that imminent for the US but it will result in US isolation. It will have 
to deal in geopolitics with an Islamised, Dhimmi Europe. And these are problems that 
have to be taken into consideration by Europeans and Americans themselves in choosing 
their identity and their future – freedom or dhimmitude.
Serge Trifkovic
In order to defend itself against the onslaught of global Jihad which will come in the 
century ahead, the West would need to really find itself and to say; what exactly is the 
geographic and cultural space to be defended and in the name of what? Defending the 
West in the name of the ideology of multiculturalism would be impossible. 
Multiculturalism and post-modern liberalism are not worthy dying for. They are not 
something that can inspire people to do what their ancestors had done at “Poitier” during 
the first wave and at the walls of Vienna in 1683 during the second wave. What global 
Jihad has on its side is simple minded commitment of millions of people to not only 

