# 1.9 Hindu Kush, the largest Genocides in the history of man

> 原文页码: 131-135

42. Hogendorn. 'The Hideous Trade', p. 139, note 5.
43. Hogendorn. 'The Hideous Trade', p. 139.
44. Hogendorn. 'The Hideous Trade', pp. 143, 145—146.
1.9 Hindu Kush, the largest Genocides in the history of man
By Shrinandan Vyas
All the Encyclopedias and National Geographic agree that Hindu Kush region is a place of 
Hindu genocide (similar to Dakau and Auschwitz). All the references are given for your 
convenience. 
Abstract
All Standard reference books agree that the name 'Hindu Kush' of the mountain range in 
Eastern Afghanistan means 'Hindu Slaughter' or 'Hindu Killer'. History also reveals that 
until 1000 A.D. the area of Hindu Kush was a full part of Hindu cradle. More likely, the 
mountain range was deliberately named as 'Hindu Slaughter' by the Moslem conquerors, 
as a lesson to the future generations of Indians. However Indians in general and Hindus 
in particular are completely oblivious to this tragic genocide. This article also looks into 
the reasons behind this ignorance.
21 References - (Mainly Encyclopedia Britannica & other reference books, National 
Geographic Magazines and standard history books).
Introduction
The Hindu Kush is a mountain system nearly 1000 miles long and 200 miles wide, 
running northeast to southwest, and dividing the Amu Darya River Valley and Indus River 
Valley. It stretches from the Pamir Plateau near Gilgit, to Iran. The Hindu Kush ranges 
mainly run through Afghanistan and Pakistan. It has over two dozen summits of more 
than 23,000 ft in height. Below the snowy peaks the mountains of Hindu Kush appear 
bare, stony and poor in vegetation. Historically, the passes across the Hindu Kush have 
been of great military significance, providing access to the northern plains of India. The 
Khyber Pass constitutes an important strategic gateway and offers a comparatively easy 
route to the plains of Punjab. Most foreign invaders, starting from Alexander the Great in 
327 BC, to Timur Lane in 1398 AD, and from Mahmud of Ghazni, in 1001 AD, to Nader 
Shah in 1739 AD attacked Hindustan via the Khyber Pass and other passes in the Hindu 
Kush (1,2,3). The Greek chroniclers of Alexander the Great called Hindu Kush as 
Parapamisos or Paropanisos (4). The Hindu name of the Hindu Kush mountains was 
'Paariyaatra Parvat'(5).
Early history of Hindu Kush region (up to 1000 AD)
History of Hindu Kush and Punjab shows that two major kingdoms of Gandhaar & Vaahic 
Pradesh (Balkh of Bactria) had their borders extending far beyond the Hindu Kush. 
Legend has it that the kingdom of Gandhaar was established by Taksha, grandson of 
Bharat of Ayodhya (6). Gandhaar's borders extended from Takshashila to Tashkent 
(corruption of 'Taksha Khand') in the present day Uzbekistan. In the later period, 
Mahabharat relates Gaandhaari as a princess of Gandhaar and her brother, Shakuni as a 
prince and later as Gandhaar's ruler.
In the well documented history, Emperor Chandragupt Maurya took charge of Vaahic 
Pradesh around 325 BC and then took over Magadh. Emperor Ashok's stone tablets with 
inscriptions in Greek and Aramaic are still found at Qandahar (corruption of Gandhaar?) 
and Laghman in eastern Afganistan(3). One such stone tablet, is shown in the PBS TV 
series 'Legacy with Mark Woods' in episode 3 titled 'India: The Spiritual Empire'. After the 
fall of Mauryan Empire, Gandhaar was ruled by Greeks. However some of these Greek 
rulers had converted to Buddhism, such as Menander, known to Indian historians as 
Milinda, while some other Greeks became followers of Vishnav sects (Hinduism)(7). 
Recent excavations in Bactria have revealed a golden hoard which has among other 
things a figurine of a Greek goddess with a Hindu mark on its forehead (Bindi) showing 
the confluence of Hindu-Greek art (8). Later Shaka and KushaaN ruled Gandhaar and 
Vaahic Pradesh. KushaaN emperor Kanishka's empire stretched from Mathura to the Aral 
Sea (beyond the present day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, and Kyrgystan)(9).
Kanishaka was a Buddhist and under KushaaN influence Buddhism flourished in 
Gandhaar. Two giant sandstone Buddhas carved into the cliffs of Bamian (west of Kabul) 
date from the Kushan period. The larger Buddha (although defaced in later centuries by 
Moslem invaders) is about 175 ft tall (10,11). The Kushan empire declined by 450 AD. 
The Chinese traveller Hsuan-Tsang (Xuan-zang) travelled thru the region in 7 th century 
AD and visited many Buddhist religious centers (3) including Hadda, Ghazni, Qonduz, 
Bamian (3,10,11), Shotorak and Bagram. From the 5 th thru 9 th cenury AD Persian 
Sasanians and Hepthalites ruled Gandhaar. During their rule Gandhaar region was again 
influenced by Hinduism. The Hindu kings (Shahiya) were concentrated in the Kabul and 
Ghazni areas. The last Hindu Shahiya king of Kabul, Bhimapal was killed in 1026 AD. The 
heroic efforts of the Hindu Shahiya Kings to defend the northwestern gates of India 
against the invaders are described by even al-Biruni, the court historian of Mahmud of 
Ghazni (12). Some excavated sites of the period include a major Hindu Shahiya temple 
north of Kabul and a chapel that contains both Buddhist and Hindu images, indicating 
that there was a mingling of two religions (3).
Islamic invasions on Afghanistan started in 642 AD, but over the next several centuries 
their effect was marginal and lasted only a short time after each raid. Cities surrendered 
only to rise in revolt and the hastily converted returned to their old religion (Hinduism or 
Buddhism) once the Moslem armies had passed (3). THUS TILL THE YEAR 1000 AD 
AFGHANISTAN WAS A FULL PART OF HINDU CRADLE.
Hindu Kush and the Hindu Genocides 
Now Afghanistan is a Moslem country. Logically, this means either one or more of the 
following must have happened:
a. original residents of Hindu Kush converted to Islam, or
b. they were slaughtered and the conquerors took over, or
c. they were driven out.
Encyclopedia Britannica (3) already informs us above about the resistance to conversion 
and frequent revolt against to the Moslem conqueror's rule from 8 th thru 11 th Century 
AD. The name 'Hindu Kush' itself tells us about the fate of the original residents of 
Gandhaar and Vaahic Pradesh during the later period of Moslem conquests, because 
HINDU KUSH in Persian MEANS HINDU SLAUGHTER (13) (as per Koenraad Elst in his 
book 'Ayodhya and After'). Let us look into what other standard references say about 
Hindu Kush.
Persian-English dictionary (14) indicates that the word 'Kush' is derived from the verb 
Kushtar - to slaughter or carnage. Kush is probably also related to the verb Koshtan 
meaning to kill. In Urdu, the word Khud-kushi means act of killing oneself (khud - self, 
Kushi- act of killing). Encyclopedia Americana comments on the Hindu Kush as follows: 
The name Hindu Kush means literally 'Kills the Hindu', a reminder of the days when 
(Hindu) SLAVES from Indian subcontinent died in harsh Afgan mountains while being 
transported to Moslem courts of Central Asia (15). The National Geographic Article 'West 
of Khyber Pass' informs that 'Generations of raiders brought captive Hindus past these 
peaks of perpetual snow. Such bitter journeys gave the range its name Hindu Kush - 
"Killer of Hindus"'(10). The World Book Encyclopedia informs that the name Kush, .. 
means Death ..(16). While Encyclopedia Britannica says 'The name Hindu Kush first 
appears in 1333 AD in the writings of Ibn Battutah, the medieval Berber traveller, who 
said the name meant 'Hindu Killer', a meaning still given by Afgan mountain dwellers who 
are traditional enemies of Indian plainsmen (i.e. Hindus)(2). However, later the 
Encyclopedia Britannica gives a negationist twist by adding that 'more likely the name is 
a corruption of Hindu-Koh meaning Hindu mountains'. This is unlikely, since the term Koh 
is used in its proper, uncorrupted form for the western portion of Hindu Kush, viz. Koh-i-
Baba, for the region Swat Kohistan, and in the names of the three peaks of this range, 
viz. Koh-i-Langer, Koh-i-Bandakor, and Koh-i-Mondi. Thus to say that corruption of term 
Koh to Kush occurred only in case of Hindu Kush is merely an effort to fit in a deviant 
observation to a theory already proposed. In science, a theory is rejected if it does not 
agree with the observations, and not the other way around. Hence the latter negationist 
statement in the Encyclopedia Britannica must be rejected.
IT IS SIGNIFICANT THAT ONE OF THE FEW PLACE NAMES ON EARTH THAT 
REMINDS US NOT OF THE VICTORY OF THE WINNERS BUT RATHER THE 
SLAUGHTER OF THE LOSERS, CONCERNS A GENOCIDE OF HINDUS BY THE 
MOSLEMS (13).
Ibn Battūta (famous traveller and explorer) c. 1334, wrote: 
"Another reason for our halt was fear of the snow, for on the road there is a mountain 
called Hindūkūsh, which means "Slayer of Indians," because the slave boys and girls who 
are brought from India die there in large numbers as a result of the extreme cold and the 
quantity of snow."
Unlike the Jewish holocaust, the exact toll of the Hindu genocide suggested by the name 
Hindu Kush is not available. However the number is easily likely to be in millions. Few 
known historical figures can be used to justify this estimate. Encyclopedia Britannica 
informs that in December 1398 AD, Timur Lane ordered the execution of at least 50,000 
captives before the battle for Delhi, .. and after the battle those inhabitants (of Delhi) not 
killed were removed (as slaves) (17), while other reference says that the number of 
captives butchered by Timur Lane's army was about 100,000 (18). Later on Encyclopedia 
Britannica mentions that the Mughal emperor Akbar 'ordered the massacre of about 
30,000 (captured) Rajput Hindus on February 24, 1568 AD, after the battle for Chitod' 
(19). Another reference indicates that this massacre of 30,000 Hindu peasants at Chitod 
is recorded by Abul Fazl, Akbar's court historian himself (20). These two 'one day' 
massacres are sufficient to provide a reference point for estimating the scale of Hindu 
genocide. The Afghan historian Khondamir records that during one of the many repeated 
invasions on the city of Herat in western Afghanistan, 1,500,000 residents perished (11). 
Scholar K.S. Lal[22] analysed Indian demography for the period between 1000-1525. Lal 
estimates that the numbers of Hindus who perished as a result of these campaigns was 
approximately 80 million.
Since some of the Moslem conquerors took Indian plainsmen as slaves, a question 
comes: whatever happened to this slave population? The startling answer comes from 
New York Times (May-June 1993 issues). The Gypsies are wandering peoples in Europe. 
They have been persecuted in almost every country. Nazis killed 300,000 gypsies in the 
gas chambers. These Gypsies have been wandering around Central Asia and Europe since 
around the 12th Century AD. Until now their country of origin could not be identified. Also 
their Language has had very little in common with the other European languages. Recent 
studies however show that their language is similar to Punjabi and to a lesser degree to 
Sanskrit. Thus the Gypsies most likely originated from the greater Punjab. This is also 
backed up by DNA comparisons. The time frame of Gypsy wanderings also coincides early 
Islamic conquests hence most likely their ancestors were driven out of their homes in 
Punjab and taken as slaves over the Hindu Kush.
The theory of Gypsy origins in India was first proposed over two centuries ago. It is only 
recently theta linguistic and other proofs have been verified. Even the Gypsy leadership 
now accepts India as the country of their origin.
Thus it is evident that the mountain range was named as Hindu Kush as a reminder to 
the future Hindu generations of the slaughter and slavery of Hindus during the Moslem 
conquests.
Deliberate ignorance about Hindu Kush
If the name Hindu Kush relates such a horrible genocide of Hindus, why are Hindus 
ignorant about it? and why the Government of India does not teach them about Hindu 
Kush? The history and geography curriculum’s in Indian Schools barely even mention 
Hindu Kush. The horrors of the Jewish holocaust are taught not only in schools in Israel, 
Europe and USA, but also in Germany; because both Germany and Israel consider the 
Jewish holocaust a 'dark chapter' in the history. The Indian Government instead of giving 
details of this 'dark chapter' in Indian history is busy in whitewash of Moslem atrocities 
and the Hindu holocaust. In 1982, the National Council of Educational Research and 
Training issued a directive for the rewriting of school texts. Among other things it 
stipulated that: 'Characterisation of the medieval period as a time of conflict between 
Hindus and Moslems is forbidden'. Thus denial of history or Negationism has become 
India's official 'educational' policy (21).
Often the official governmental historians brush aside questions such as those that Hindu 
Kush raises. They argue that the British version is the product of their 'divide and rule' 
policy' hence their version is not necessarily true. However it must be remembered that 
the earliest reference of the name Hindu Kush and its literal meaning 'Hindu Killer' comes 
from Ibn Battutah in 1333 AD, and at that time British were nowhere on the Indian 
scene. Secondly, if the name indeed was a misnomer then the Afghans should have 
protested against such a barbaric name and the last 660 plus years should have been 
adequate for a change of name to a more 'civil' name. There has been no effort for such 
a change of name by the Afghans. On the contrary, when the Islamic fundamentalist 
regime of the Mujahadeens came to power in 1992, tens of thousands of Hindus and 
Sikhs from Kabul were literally deported, became refugees, and had to pay steep ransom 
to enter into Pakistan without a visa.
In the last 46 years the Indian Government also has not even once demanded that the 
Afghan Government change such an insulting and barbaric name. But in July 1993, the 
Government of India asked the visiting Jerusalem Symphony Orchestra to change its 
name because the word Jerusalem in its name is offensive to Moslem Fundamentalists.
Conclusion
It is evident that Hindus from ancient India's (Hindustan's) border states such as 
Gandhaar and Vaahic Pradesh were massacred or taken as slaves by the Moslem invaders 
who named the region as Hindu Kush (or Hindu Slaughter,or Hindu Killer) to teach a 
lesson to the future Hindu generations of India. Unfortunately Hindus are not aware of 
this tragic history. The Indian government does not want the true history of Hindu 
Moslem conflicts during the medieval ages to be taught in schools. This policy of 
negationism is the cause behind the ignorance of Hindus about the Hindu Kush and the 
Hindu genocide.
Comments
Although in this article Hindu Kush has been referred to as Hindu slaughter, it is obvious 
that it was really a Hindu and Buddhist slaughter. Since prior to Moslem invasions 
influence of Buddhism in Gandhaar and Vaahic Pradesh was considerable. Also as the 
huge 175 ft stone Buddhas of Bamian show, Buddhists were idol worshipers par 
excellence. Hence for Moslem invaders the Buddhists idol worshipers were equally 
deserving of punishment. It is also likely that Buddhism was considered an integral part 
of the Hindu pantheon and hence was not identified separately.
This article barely scratches the surface of the Hindu genocide, the true depth of which is 
as yet unknown. 
Sources:
1. Encyclopedia Britannica, 15 th Ed, Vol.5, p.935, 1987
2. Encyclopedia Britannica, 15 th Ed, Vol.14, pp.238-240, 1987
3. Encyclopedia Britannica, 15 th Ed, Vol.13, pp.35-36, 1987
4. The Invasion of India by Alexander the Great (as described by Arrian,  Q.Curtius, Diodoros, Plutarch & Justin), By 
J.W.McCrindle, Methuen & Co., London, p.38, 1969
5. Six Glorious Epochs of Indian History, by Veer Savarkar, Savarkar Prakashan, Bombay, 2nd Ed, p.206, 1985
6. Chanakya - a TV series by Doordarshan, India
7. Encyclopedia Britannica, 15 th Ed, Vol.21, pp.36-41, 1987
8. V.Sarianidi, National Geographic Magazine, Vol.177, No.3, p.57, March 1990
9. Hammond Historical Atlas of the World, pp. H4 & H10, 1993
10. W.O.Douglas, National Geographic Magazine, vol.114, No.1, pp.13-23, July 1958
11. T.J.Abercrombie, National Geographic Magazine, Vol.134, No.3, pp.318-325, Sept.1968
12. An Advanced History of India, by R.C.Majumdar, H.C.Raychaudhuri, K.Datta, 2nd Ed., MacMillan and Co, London, pp.182-
83, 1965
13. Ayodhya and After, By Koenraad Elst, Voice of India Publication, p.278, 1991
14. A Practical Dictionary of the Persian Language, by J.A.Boyle, Luzac & Co., p.129, 1949
15. Encyclopedia Americana, Vol.14, p.206, 1993
15. http://48.200.16.356subf37:ILmeavp123271869374ШИ
16. The World Book Encyclopedia, Vol.19, p.237, 1990
17. Encyclopedia Britannica, 15 th Ed, Vol.21, pp. 54-55, 1987
18. An Advanced History of India, by R.C.Majumdar, H.C.Raychaudhuri, K.Datta, 2nd Ed., MacMillan and Co, London, pp.336-
37, 1965
19. Encyclopedia Britannica, 15 th Ed, Vol.21, p.65, 1987
20. The Cambridge History of India, Vol.IV - The Mughul Period, by W.Haig & R.Burn, S.Chand & Co., New Delhi, pp. 98-99, 
1963
21. Negationism in India, by Koenraad Elst, Voice of India Publ, 2nd Ed, pp.57-58, 1993
22. http://www.jihadwatch.org/dhimmiwatch/archives/015024.php 
http://www.hindunet.org/hindu_history/modern/hindu_kush.html

