# 3.49 Conventional shock attacks (non-WMD)

> 原文页码: 941-945

martyrs who HAS fought and ARE still fighting for you and for your family. Because after 
all; we are fighting for the freedom of all Europeans. We must fight on behalf of our 
brothers and sisters because the great majority of our women, the ignorant, the weak, 
the impaired, the cowardly and the selfish are either unable or unwilling to fight.
Evaluating attack strategies: 1. Shock attacks, 2. Sabotage 
operations,  3. Manipulative proxy attacks
“We want peace, and we are prepared to fight the most terrible war to get it.”
Shock attacks
3.49 Conventional shock attacks (non-WMD)
Shock attacks - Assassination
It is much more rational and pragmatical to focus on the easier unprotected targets 
instead of sacrificing good men on an impossible target. 
The basis of our selection process is to choose the primary propagandists of cultural 
Marxism/multiculturalism. Instead of wasting good men on an impossible mission we 
should target unprotected category A and B traitors first and foremost.
One of these 12 good men who failed to assassinate the US president could have 
successfully managed to execute 5 or more unprotected primary targets doing 
substantial and irreparable ideological damage to our enemies.
The following category A and B traitors should be focus targeted:
Cultural Marxist professors, leading anchor men/women of the cultural Marxist MSM, NGO 
leader’s, professors/lecturers etc (see complete list under “charges 1-8”). The reason 
why we must choose wisely is because that there aren’t that many of them and very few 
category A and B traitors have substantial influence and make an incredible impact on 
how our societies are shaped. They are usually experts or related to the field of sociology 
and give “well meaning advice” to the MSM, which usually involves the deconstruction of 
everything we hold dear. 
Multiple category B traitors assault operation – 5 targets within 2 hours
The operational goal should be to execute 5 category B traitors within 2 hours. 
Plan ahead so you are prepared to assault 5 targets in succession. You will usually always 
be caught so instead of going home and waiting for someone to knock on your door 
move swiftly to your second target, then the third etc. Prior to operation; create and 
wear a police SWAT uniform with visible and credible IDs/insignias as this will allow you 
to travel with armour/weapons without arousing suspicion. An operation consisting of 5 
hits of primary category B traitors should be completed within a pre-defined geographical 
area and you should travel by car or motor cycle. The hit is performed using your 
secondary weapon, gun with silencer. Your primary weapon is used against any system 
protectors (police) trying to stop you after your first hit. 5 hits should take no longer than 
2 hours. If you still have the capacity/opportunity you can do a bonus hit on a cultural 
Marxist HQ – media, NGO or a political party HQ where there are high concentrations of 
category A, B and C traitors. A successful operation (best case) would result in the 
execution of the pre-defined 5 category B traitors in addition to 10-20 “bonus targets” – 
a variation of category A, B and C targets. Professors/lecturers are usually easy targets 
and there is minimal security at universities/colleges. Just make sure you research your 
targets thoroughly and know approximately where they are at any given time.
The challenge will be actually reaching and localising all 5 targets during this 2 hour 
window. Alternatively, you should consider arranging the hits after 18.00 when you know 
the targets are home with their families. This will also ensure that significantly fewer 
individuals in the police reaction force are on duty. For many European countries, 
depending on the location you select, the reaction force may take as much as 30-40 
minutes to reach your destination as they have to arm themselves and travel to your 
location (at this point you will be at a different location and should be working on your 
third target). Use your creativity. When you ring their speaker phone outside the building 
of the target; tell them that you are from the police intelligence agency and that you 
have learned that they might be in danger and that you are there to escort them to 
safety. You can f example choose a day when you know of a congress/meeting where 
concentrations of category A, B and C traitors will attend. This should be your bonus 
mission after your 5 hits. The essence in target management is to achieve a scenario 
where you don’t sell your life cheaply, a scenario where you inflict a maximum of damage 
on the criminal multiculturalist regime.
Include flame thrower/assault rifle/grenade attacks on party meetings, Annual 
central party meeting,
Don’t go for the prime category A if the chances for success is slim or if the security 
measures are overwhelming.
Annual political party meeting Barbeque 
A prioritised target is the annual party meeting of the socialist/social democrat party in 
your country. This is held once a year usually in a relatively large conference centre. The 
annual political party meeting will consist of delegate representatives from all counties in 
the country. The number of participants will range from 100-400 depending on country 
and will usually be held in the capital or close to it. The national intelligence 
agency/police force will have from 2-50 armed guards at this annual meeting assuming 
the party leader is the prime minister/president/chancellor. (I would assume 2-6 armed 
guards for a small country like Norway and up to 50 for the UK, France and Germany). 
I’m really not sure about specific numbers for the UK, France and Germany. It might be 
considerably less – 5-10. The good thing is that the body guards usually have limited 
armour (usually a vest only) and is therefore vulnerable to head shots. An entry strategy 
has to be planned thoroughly and the Justiciar Knight has to be properly equipped with 
solid body armour covering all limbs. 
An efficient plan will involve a flame thrower/assault rifle assault strategy (an alternative 
primary weapon to the flame thrower would be to use a sub-machine gun integrated into 
a shield). You should consider integrating the flamethrower into a bullet proof shield. This 
will protect you completely from all incoming projectiles from one direction (90-180 
degrees depending on your position). As soon as you enter the main conference room 
with all the delegates, immediately initiate with throwing multiple grenades in various 
directions to start a panic and follow up with flaming your targets in a 180 degree cone. 
Be prepared for melee attacks from the individuals close to you when you first enter the 
room (an agent is usually close to each entrance and may assault you). The party 
delegates will flee like rats from the fire and will make it very hard for the armed agents 
to get a lock on you for the first 10-20 seconds. They may even panic themselves and 
run. Nevertheless, be prepared for incoming bullet barrages and ensure that you keep a 
lookout for these agents’ position so you can adjust your shield radius. You will not have 
a lot of fuel (only 20-40 litres’) so use it wisely and ensure that you hit as many 
delegates as possible. 
An entry strategy might be to use fireman’s clothing when entering the building. This 
allows you to conceal your armour and weapons under the fireman’s coat and you may 
conceal your bulletproof vizier by partly cloaking it to mimic a fireman’s helmet.  You will 
probably have to neutralise 1-2 agents on the way in so ensure to have a hand gun with 
silencer with you. You cannot take the chance of risking detection prematurely by 
allowing non-silenced shots. 
If you’re going for the fireman entry strategy you may get away with bringing a 
considerably larger fuel tank/torching mechanism (50-300 litre) on wheels disguised as a 
mobile “fire extinguisher with hose” (obviously, this doesn’t actually exist but most 
people do not know that).
Note - entry strategy: integrating defensive knives into your arm/shoulder armour and a 
couple of other strategic places on your body armour may prevent you from getting 
jumped initially (deterrent factor) or may at least contribute to neutralise the first 
incoming attack before more individuals get a chance to overwhelm you. 
Note – target selection: if you know for sure that the ruling multiculturalist party has 
many armed guards you can always target another party (second largest party that 
supports multiculturalism). It is usually only the ruling party that has any form of 
effective defensive measures while other party’s annual political party meetings are often 
completely defenceless. If you notice that the intelligence agencies are increasing the 
security substantially during annual party meetings then consider other targets, such as 
the annual party meeting on a city level.
Alternative approaches
An alternative approach would be to deploy mobile bombs at strategic places outside the 
main entrance (perhaps even a car loaded with explosives) and then trigger the fire 
alarm (block the other fire exits just in case). Just after the bomb detonates, wiping out 
multiple delegates, you will finish the job with a sub machine gun or flame thrower to 
ensure a maximum amount of casualties and thus cause the most efficient terror effect.
Equipment, secondary weapons, armour and flame thrower 
-
You must be able to hit targets 10 + metres away so you need an appropriate flame 
thrower with a 10-200 litre tank. You can either get the blueprints for a modern 
flamethrower and build one from scratch with the assistance from a machine shop, or 
rebuild another apparatus (high pressure gun, or similar civilian utility tools), or acquire an 
antique and make modifications. There are several alternatives.
-
Full body armour with vizier 
-
Consider bringing a bullet proof shield and perhaps even integrate it around your flame 
thrower/sub machine gun.
-
Hand gun and assault rifle with enough ammunition.
-
Splint/shock grenades
-
Explosive devices rigged at exits prior to operation or a car loaded with explosives.
-
Consider creating defensive devices/knives integrated/attached to your armour (on your 
arms/shoulders/back) to avoid being jumped or to help neutralise any individual that might 
jump you.
Preparations prior to the operation
You need to be familiar with the conference centre prior to the operation. Therefore, you 
need to scout the premises a few months ahead. Create a fake front 
(business/organisation/business plan) and contact the administration of the conference 
centre. Use a fake profile as the intelligence agency may cross reference previous visitors 
at a later point. F example say that you want to rent the conference centre for a gaming 
convention and require a tour. In that case, research what you need to know about the 
gaming community in your capital etc. before you book the meeting with the conference 
centre employee. When you are visiting the centre, memorise all exits/fire exits and 
doors, material and closing mechanisms of doors (how can you close of the exit later on 
to limit the exit opportunities for political delegates or how you can most efficiently rig up 
mobile explosive devices in or close to these exits?).  
End note
A severely burned category A or B traitor will in reality become a living symbol of what 
awaits individuals guilty of trying to sell their own people into Islamic slavery. They will 
act as a deterrent and contribute to spread fear in the hearts of the rest of the traitors 
and will thus cause more ideological damage than that of a dead body. He or she will 
become a living testament to what will happen to any and all category A and B traitors 
and everyone will learn that high treason is not without risks.
Category A, B and C traitors’ concentrations
Annual gatherings for journalists 
There are annual gatherings for journalists in all Western European countries. These 
gatherings are considered THE MOST attractive targets for large scale shock attacks due 
to the amount and quality of category B traitors. To illustrate; in Norway, there is an 
annual gathering called the SKUP conference (the organization for critical and 
investigative press) where the most notable journalists/editors from all the nations 
media/news companies attend (500 delegates - 98% of them are considered “quality 
category B traitor targets”. The conference lasts for 2 days and is usually organized at a 
larger hotel/conference center. Security is light or non-existent making the conference a 
perfect target.
Overview:
•
Targets: a concentration of 500 category B traitors
•
Primary/initial assualt method: 1-3 source detonation (vehicle based “barrack buster” 
covered with several layers of projectiles for maximum damage, f example small steel 
projectiles)
•
Goal: collapse of building causing maximum casualties coupled with secondary assault 
method
•
Secondary assault method: flame thrower, assault rifles, grenades, executing the survivors 
of the initial blast(s).
Literature conferences and festivals
This is where many cultural Marxist/PC authors (the disgusting cultural Marxist and 
traitorous bourgeois elite – the Marxist-Leninists’ of the 68 generation (or sympathisers 
of this group) meet and socialise. 
Prioritised target groups make out the bulk of the participants who attend certain 
literature conferences and festivals:
•
Writers (90%+ of these individuals support multiculturalism and usually portray their world 
view through their works) 
•
Editors and journalists in cultural Marxist/multiculturalist publications
•
A majority of individuals related to various “cultural Marxist/politically correct” cultural 
settings and organisations. 

