# 3.50 Creation of a secondary strategy (plan b) in case of exposure

> 原文页码: 946-946

3.50 Creation of a secondary strategy (plan b) in case of exposure
There is always a chance that you are exposed and arrested during the planning process 
if you fail to take certain precautions. Even if you do take all precautions you might you 
just get unlucky and make a mistake at one point.
If you are arrested, you will still have much of your equipment and funds (national or 
foreign currency) stored at several safe locations. It will be very hard for the state to 
provide sufficient evidence in order to charge you for violating the terrorist laws of your 
country especially if you don’t have a criminal record already. With insufficient evidence 
they will have no choice but to release you.
The problem then arises as you will be flagged and thus monitored thoroughly for years 
to come and will be unable to plan an operation involving WMD explosive devices. The 
first thing you should do is to leave the country and get off the ”radar” for a while. A 
good secondary strategy will be the assassination of a “category A” traitor, not related to 
your country. If you play your cards right it will be extremely difficult for the European 
authorities to monitor you in other countries if you avoid electronic devices 
(communication devices, credit cards, travel methods involving your ID etc). Go ”off 
radar” for as long as necessary and plan your move. Extract the necessary equipment 
from your caches or get new equipment (vehicle included) from the criminal networks in 
any major European city. Plan secondary targets and simulate the operation mentally 
again and again. You should attempt to take out not only one but up to three high value 
targets if possible. Surrender should not be an option and you should be mentally 
prepared to fight to the death. Even though your ”secondary” plan will not yield the same 
results it will still do extensive damage if successful. 

