# 3.51 Defence and Attack Methods - Field Strategies

> 原文页码: 947-950

If the WMD acquirement phase fail, go with a basic shock operation.
Always acquire weaponry and armour first, and secure it in a cache. Only after you are 
done will you start on acquiring the components for the WMD. The reason is the 
following: should the WMD acquirement phase fail, leading to your apprehension, you 
may be incarcerated for a short period based on the evidence available. Once you get out 
you will be under heavy monitoring and will have a very hard time acquiring the 
necessary components for any WMD. At this point in time you will still have access to 
your weaponry/armour cache and will therefore be able to execute a smaller shock 
attack, not involving WMDs. Estimated number of executed may still be as high as 50 
individuals based on several factors.  
Assassinations - Preparations and equipment
Creating a hidden mobile sentry point with overview of target residence. This will allow 
you to monitor targets movements  without raising suspicion from neighbours. A sentry 
point will allow you to map the individuals movement patterns and thus enable you to 
anticipate an appropriate attack window. Purchase a water/moist-proof camera with live 
feed to a nearby receiver/monitor. Your base will usually be a truck a distance away to 
avoid detection or any unwanted attention. Lurking around the residence is a good way 
to get caught as you will alarm the neighbours’.  
3.51 Defence and Attack Methods - Field Strategies 
In conventional warfare, combat is generally at a distance with long-range weapons. In 
unconventional warfare, in which urban guerrilla warfare is included, combat is at short 
range and often very close. To prevent his own death, the urban guerrilla must shoot 
first, and he cannot hesitate when he has a shot. He cannot waste his ammunition 
because he does not possess large amounts, and so he must conserve it. Nor can he 
replace his ammunition quickly, since he is not a part of a team in which each Justiciar 
Knight has to be able to look after himself. The urban guerrilla can lose no time, and thus 
has to be able to shoot immediately. 
When face-to-face with the enemy, he must always be moving from one position to 
another, since to stay in one place makes him a fixed target and, as such, very 
vulnerable. 
Guerrilla warfare means that the fighters must choose their targets wisely, fight on their 
own terms, and know when to retreat. A Knights Templar must learn to deceive the 
enemy as well as know when to use the important tactic of shock value.  
The Justiciar Knight must be prepared to move fast and think fast. He must be alert, 
physically fit and not dependent on alcohol or other impairing substances. 
Ephedrine+caffeing combination (Stack) and similar substances however will sharpen 
your senses and will without a doubt prove to be valuable during any operation.   
We will simulate and discuss a few “anti police force” and “anti strike force” strategies. 
In urban areas with city blocks or similar terrain the basic police force strategy will be to 
attempt to flank you on two sides and pin you to one location. This basic strategy is an 
attempt for them to gain ENOUGH time so that the professional strike force can get to 
the location. As soon as the professional strike force get there they will attempt to deploy 
“strike force snipers”. If this is the case it will be extremely dangerous and a strategic 
retreat will be very difficult. Getting “pinned down” must be avoided at all costs by 
following the pre-defined time frame. You will have to move quickly and deal with the 
first police officers on site in an aggressive and efficient manner, then move on. 
You are flanked between the two exits of a city block
If they against all odds succeed with a classical flanking manoeuvre this is the 
appropriate way to act:
By flanking you on both sides they have been forced to split their strike force (or normal 
police patrol). Pay careful attention to the difference between an actual strike force agent 
(SFA) and a regular police officer (RPO). You should be able to tell the difference prior to 
operation. You want to break out where the resistance is weak. You have a few seconds 
to evaluate this by observing both flanks. 
Let’s simulate a potential scenario:
O = car
i= agent
------------------------------------------
iiO
Oi
                      SFA x 3 
            You
> > >
        RPO x 3
iO
Oii
------------------------------------------
Breaking through a flank with vehicle
You will obviously try to “expropriate” a car and drive through the RPO flank (without 
using force if possible). If a vehicle is not available you will have to attack the RPO flank 
in order to break free. They will attempt to shoot the tires of your vehicle take the 
necessary steps to avoid collision or unnecessary damage. 
Breaking through a flank by foot
Use the terrain (cars etc) as cover as you rush for the flank. At this point, they do not 
have any snipers, limited body armour and only standard issue police pistols and thus 
they are at a clear disadvantage. Be prepared to strike mercilessly and without hesitation 
(double head shot) one target at a time. They should not be able to hit you at this point 
as your cover and/or armour should hold against any incoming projectiles (especially if 
you have the 5kg, small bullet proof shield). They will be completely surprised and 
confused by your “forward thrust” and take cover or attempt to run away in panic. 
Thrust of the Martyr (TotM)
Breaking a flank is a dangerous move. However, keep in mind that they will not expect 
you to rush them aggressively (go for head shots) so you have the element of surprise. 
Let’s call this strategy: “Thrust of the Martyr” due to the severity and critical 
circumstances of the attack. It is a lethal move where either you or your opponent(s) will 
die or get injured. Based on your strengths and their weaknesses you will have a success 
rate of aprox. 75% if facing 2 agents (scenario 1). Against 4 agents this will however 
drop to 30-45% (scenario 2) even taken your conviction and superior armour and 
firepower into account. If you allow them enough time to deploy 1-2 snipers in either 
scenario you will not likely get out of the situation alive, survival rate of less than 20%. 
Under normal circumstances, you will however only face 2 police officers (2 per car) 
which should allow you to neutralise both quite easily. In any case, surrender is not an 
option. You either break free or die in the attempt.
Best case scenario
As we rely heavily on the element of surprise with our shock attacks, we should have 
enough time to avoid this scenario. Our best counter measure is a quick execution of the 
operation and a haste-full tactical retreat BEFORE the local police or SWAT team are able 
to rally a response in a co-ordinated manner or formulate a counter-attack.
Expropriate vehicles
Expropriate vehicles from civilians at your discretion. Basically stand in the middle of the 
road and stop the nearest car. It should go smoothly considering the fact that you are 
acting as a government agent (in your case, a police officer). Talk to the driver; order 
him to turn over the vehicle ASAP. 
If he refuses, insist and threaten with criminal charges for obstructing a criminal 
investigation and offer him your service number (normal unique number for every police 
officer). If he still refuses threaten with shooting him if he does not vacate his car within 
10 seconds. If he still refuses, shoot him in the head. This process (dialogue from you 
actually stop the car until you have seized the vehicle should take no longer than 30 
seconds (preferably less than 15). If you are being chased by police officers, stop the 
nearest vehicle ASAP. Use any means necessary to complete this objective. 
This drill should be simulated repeatedly prior to operation.
Melee defensive strategy 
One of the biggest threats while moving around is avoiding and preventing attacks from 
angry civilians or from undercover agents. Expect the following scenario:
A civilian/undercover agent goes for your side arm or grabs your arms; another civilian 
attacks and knocks you to the ground. What do you do?
Use side arm or knives to neutralise one target. Go for the neck or any exposed 
vulnerable area. Switch to target 2 as soon as you have neutralised target 1. If all else 
fails attempt to flee.
There are currently no efficient melee weapons on the market designed for solo urban 
warfare. A knife will have little value if you are jumped by two individuals, one grabbing 
your arms and one knocking you down. 
A suggestion could be to build and equip razor sharp spikes on your shield and/or arms 
(from your wrists up to your elbows). This will transform your arms to lethal melee 
weapons and will make it a lot harder for individuals to jump you (it may also act as a 
deterrent).
3.52 Fertilizer WMDs and arms bans
In the early 1990s the manufacture of a large truck bomb (500-2000 kg) was a 
challenging and quite difficult venture, but was in fact an achievable task for the 
cleverest and most motivated individuals among us who had taken the required 
precautions not to be blacklisted with the system protector intelligence agency. 
Times are changing and the possibilities which were available to us during the time of Mr. 
Timothy McVeigh are no longer present. The US/EUSSR cultural Marxist hegemony has 
adapted so we must continuously adapt. The EU has since the 1990s made the 
manufacture of explosives considerably harder. They have achieved this by regulating 
and banning substances and compounds required for creating explosives. To illustrate; 
since the 1990s, the EU has banned hundreds of fertilizers, insecticides and other widely 
available chemicals and they have neutralized many substances by instructing the 
producers to add neutralizing chemical agents making hundreds of compounds inert. 
Furthermore, they have created a system very similar to that of the former Soviet Union, 
using retail desk clerks as intelligence agents.
Many of the bomb-making guides available through the internet are now quite useless as 
most of the chemicals required in these guides are very hard or even impossible to 
acquire for most people. 20 years ago you could easily just walk into grocery stores, 
garden centers and apothecaries and just buy most of these materials over the desk. It 
was possible to acquire materials to make 70-100 different types of explosives, while the 
number is now reduced to 10-20 types of explosives. It is now quite difficult to buy 
ammonium nitrate (AN) fertilizer for civilians in many countries. And in the countries 
where AN is still sold, they have regulated the distribution limiting it to 600 kg bags. So 
be prepared with a solid cover story when you decide to buy a bag. In addition; 
ammonium nitrate fertilizer is in the process of being replaced with Urea fertilizer, which 
requires a purification process (to urea nitrate) before use and the end product has a 
much more unstable chemical composition. Urea nitrate decomposes rapidly and usually 
within 30 days which requires the operator to plan accordingly. 
There are of course alternative sources for the production of AN. You may create it from 
simple household products or buy ice packs. This is appropriate when creating smaller 
bombs >50 kg. I’m sure they will soon replace AN based icepacks with a different inert 
compound as well. But there are still many opportunities and there will always be a few 
methods available to create effective explosives. As for conventional arms, gun laws will 
continue to be restricted to a degree where it will be quite difficult to acquire fire arms 
the legal way. 
“The Party” demands: The people must be disarmed!
The EUSSR and especially the Western European countries are now deliberately 
implementing measures to prevent the European peoples from defending themselves 
through pre-emptive strikes against our multiculturalist dictatorships. Unfortunately for 
them, Europeans were born with a free will and with creativity beyond comparison. So I 
say to them; If they take away our AN-fertilizer, we will use AN from Ice packs! IF they 
take away our ice packs; we will hi-jack propane trucks and use them as secondary 
explosive charges! If they take away our propane trucks; we will fight them with 
conventional weapons! If they ban the sale of weapons; we will smuggle in AK-47s from 
the Balkans and the Middle East! 
They cannot prevent us, the European conservatives from eventually seizing political and 
military power. We will succeed even if we have to create our very own improvised guns.
A tyrant dictatorship is characterized first and foremost by its efforts to disarm the people. 

