# 3.53 Obtaining and using WMD’s against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist elites

> 原文页码: 951-964

The multiculturalist EUSSR regimes efforts to disarm its own peoples come with a very 
high price. As the regime loses its confidence in those they swore to serve, the people 
will lose its confidence in the regime. Mistrust breeds mistrust which directly influences 
loyalty, unity and productivity. The Western European regimes continuous campaign to 
disarm its people will result in a climate where it will be easier for the Revolutionary 
Conservative Movements to continue consolidation. Because people will simply not accept 
that the multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe continue these disarmament policies. 
So we say; instead of justifying the chemical and arms bans by blaming our brave 
revolutionary conservative martyrs for their pre-emptive strikes, you should look yourself 
in the mirror and ask yourself why we are defending ourselves in the first place. If you 
feel a need to disarm your people you should instead change your ways. If you refuse to 
change your ways then you must expect to be destroyed.
New chemical- and arms-bans means new opportunities
Conservatives must never blame fellow revolutionary conservatives for the arms bans. All 
conservatives should instead welcome the new opportunities presented with such a ban. 
In a country where it was possible to legally buy semi-automatic rifles, there was simply 
little or no market for illegal assault rifles. The ban of semi-automatic rifles will result in 
the establishment of a black market for such items. This newly established market will 
even include full-auto rifles and even grenades and rocket launchers. The EUSSR will 
never be able to eliminate this black market as they are controlled by the criminal drug 
organisations. And as we know; both drugs and guns are widely available from Eastern 
Europe, the Balkans and the Middle East. The EUSSR will never succeed to defeat the 
drug/arms smugglers because Europe simply has too many bordering countries with 
lacking security. So, what we, the revolutionary conservatives, initially see as crippling 
weapons bans can and will in fact result in an even more attractive arms market than the 
previous one. 
3.53 Obtaining and using WMD’s against the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
elites 
A weapon of mass destruction (WMD) is a weapon that can kill large numbers of 
individuals and/or cause great damage to man-made structures (e.g. buildings).
The term is often used to cover several weapon types, including nuclear, biological, 
explosive and chemical weapons. However, nuclear and biological weapons have the 
unique ability to kill large numbers of people with very small amounts of material, and 
thus could be said to belong in a class by themselves.
Efforts must be made to employ precision WMD’s when fighting the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe, especially explosive weapons 
(barack-buster type’s fertiliser bombs). Other types of WMD’s (Biological/Chemical) must 
be considered as a realistic option as well. Efforts must be made to obtain any of the 
following WMD’s:
Biological weapons 
Biological warfare (BW) is the use of pathogens such as viruses, bacteria, other disease-
causing agents, or the toxins produced by them as biological weapons (or bio-weapons).
As a tactical weapon, the main military problem with a BW attack is that it would take 
days to be effective. 
Biological agents
Biological warfare is the deliberate use of disease and natural poisons to incapacitate 
humans. It employs pathogens as weapons. Pathogens are the micro-organism, whether 
bacterial, viral or protozoic, that causes disease. There are four kinds of biological 
warfare agents: bacteria, viruses, rickettsiae and fungi. Biological weapons are 
distinguished by being living organisms, that reproduce within their host victims, who 
then become contagious with a deadly, if weakening, multiplier effect. Toxins in contrast 
do not reproduce in the victim and need only the briefest of incubation periods; they kill 
within a few hours.
Anti-personnel BW
Ideal characteristics of biological weapons targeting humans are high infectivity, high 
potency, non-availability of vaccines, and delivery as an aerosol.
The biological agents used in biological weapons can often be manufactured quickly and 
easily. The primary difficulty is not the production of the biological agent but delivery in 
an effective form to a vulnerable target.
For example, anthrax is considered an effective agent for several reasons. First, it forms 
hardy spores, perfect for dispersal aerosols. Second, pneumonic (lung) infections of 
anthrax usually do not cause secondary infections in other people. Thus, the effect of the 
agent is usually confined to the target. A pneumonic anthrax infection starts with 
ordinary "cold" symptoms and quickly becomes lethal, with a fatality rate that is 90% or 
higher. Finally, friendly personnel can be protected with suitable antibiotics.
A mass attack using anthrax would require the creation of aerosol particles of 1.5 to 5 
micrometres. Too large and the aerosol would be filtered out by the respiratory system. 
Too small and the aerosol would be inhaled and exhaled. Also, at this size, nonconductive 
powders tend to clump and cling because of electrostatic charges. This hinders 
dispersion. So the material must be treated to insulate and discharge the charges. The 
aerosol must be delivered so that rain and sun does not rot it, and yet the human lung 
can be infected. There are other technological difficulties as well.
It is important to note that all of the classical and modern biological weapons organisms 
are animal diseases, the only exception being smallpox.
In the case of anthrax, it is likely that by 24 - 36 hours after an attack, some small 
percentage of individuals (those with compromised immune system or who had received 
a large dose of the organism due to proximity to the release point) will become ill with 
classical symptoms and signs. Once an individual becomes symptomatic, it has a 
moderately high mortality effect. 
Anthrax
Anthrax is an acute disease caused by Bacillus anthracis. It affects both humans and 
animals and most forms of the disease are highly lethal. There are effective vaccines 
against anthrax, and some forms of the disease respond well to antibiotic treatment.
Like many other members of the genus Bacillus, Bacillus anthracis can form dormant 
spores that are able to survive in harsh conditions for extremely long periods of time, 
even decades or centuries. Such spores can be found on all continents, even Antarctica. 
When spores are inhaled, ingested, or come into contact with a skin lesion on a host they 
may reactivate and multiply rapidly.
Anthrax commonly infects wild and domesticated herbivorous mammals which ingest or 
inhale the spores while browsing—in fact, ingestion is thought to be the most common 
route by which herbivores contract anthrax. Carnivores living in the same environment 
may become infected by consuming infected animals. Diseased animals can spread 
anthrax to humans, either by direct contact (e.g. inoculation of infected blood to broken 
skin) or consumption of diseased animals' flesh.
Anthrax spores can be produced in a test tube or in a controlled environment and used as 
a biological weapon. Anthrax does not spread directly from one infected animal or person 
to another, but spores can be transported by clothing or shoes and the body of an animal 
that died of anthrax can also be a source of anthrax spores.
Obtaining anthrax
Anthrax spores can lay dormant for centuries and is almost impossible to destroy. As 
such, cleanup of anthrax-contaminated areas is considered problematic.
It takes up to three days of burning to completely destroy all spores in a large carcass. 
The most common approach is therefore to bury carcasses deeply enough to prevent 
resurfacing of spores. However, this requires much manpower and expensive tools. Some 
wildlife workers have experimented with covering fresh anthrax carcasses with 
shadecloth and heavy objects. This prevents some scavengers from opening the 
carcasses.
Millions of anthrax sites around the world
The main reason why anthrax is so easily obtainable is that the spores can lay dormant 
for centuries underground without being destroyed. There have been thousands of animal 
outbreaks on all continents and it has been used in weaponised form to kill hundreds of 
thousands of people during several wars (including WW1, WW2). Every buried individual 
or animal infected with anthrax is to be considered an anthrax source. You only need one 
single spore to grow several kilograms. 
It shouldn’t be too hard to either buy anthrax on the black market or locate an anthrax 
contaminated area/burial site on one of the continents around the world due to the fact 
that there are millions of them (all containing dormant spores).
Its first modern incidence (as a biological weapon) occurred when Scandinavian "freedom 
fighters" (the rebel groups) supplied by the German General Staff used anthrax with 
unknown results against the Imperial Russian Army in Finland in 1916. In 1942, a British 
bio-weapons trial severely contaminated Gruinard Island in Scotland with anthrax spores 
of the Vollum-14578 strain, making it a no-go area until it was allegedly decontaminated 
in 1990.
Cultivating anthrax
Theoretically, anthrax spores can be cultivated with minimal special equipment and less 
than a first-year collegiate microbiological education, but in practice the procedure is 
difficult and dangerous. To make large amounts of an aerosol form of anthrax suitable for 
biological warfare requires extensive practical knowledge, training, and highly advanced 
equipment.
Even with a good lab (isolation chamber and harvest equipment) and a few staff workers 
it might take a year to come up with a product of superb quality. The spores in the 
Daschle letter were 1.5 to 3 micrometres across, many times smaller than the finest 
known grade of anthrax produced by either the U.S. or Soviet bio-weapons programs. An 
electron microscope, costs approximately a hundred thousand USD + which is needed to 
verify that the target spore size have been consistently achieved. However, less than 
superb quality anthrax is much easier to cultivate and is still very potent.
Concentrated anthrax spores were used for bio-terrorism in the 2001 anthrax attacks in 
the United States, delivered by mailing postal letters containing the spores. Only a few 
grams of material were used in these attacks and in August 2008 the US Department of 
Justice announced they believed that Dr. Bruce Ivins, a senior bio-defence researcher, 
was responsible.
Bruce Ivins was a right wing, Christian, cultural conservative who allegedly sent several 
anonymous letters to members of the US Congress and the media causing five fatalities 
and injuring dozens of others. 
Anthrax vaccine
Anyone with ambitions to grow an anthrax strain should first attain immunity through the 
use of a vaccine combined with a full protective suit w. gas mask or using an isolation 
chamber with integrated protective gloves. A proper vaccine is approximately 93% 
effective in preventing infection.
The trade name is BioThrax, although it is commonly called Anthrax Vaccine Adsorbed 
(AVA). It is administered in a six-dose primary series at 0,2,4 weeks and 6,12,18 
months; annual booster injections are required thereafter to maintain immunity.
See also:
2001 anthrax attacks
Gruinard Island - site of British bio-weapons trials in 1942
Sverdlovsk Anthrax leak
Unit 731
Chemical warfare
Chemical warfare (CW) involves using the toxic properties of chemical substances as 
weapons to kill, injure, or incapacitate an enemy.
Chemicals that are toxic enough to be used as chemical weapons, or that may be used to 
manufacture such chemicals, are divided into three groups according to their purpose 
and treatment:
Examples include nerve agents, ricin, lewisite and mustard gas.
Easily obtainable chemical agents include:
Uragan D2 (manufactured for killing bugs). Three kilogram is enough to kill as many as 
40 000 people. The product is currently only produced by one Austrian company but it is 
easily obtainable. The “acid gas” vaporises as soon as the hermetically sealed containers 
are opened. Extremely small doses of this chemical is needed to kill a person.
Nuclear weapons
Small nuclear devices will prove more or less impossible to obtain until perhaps in Phase 
2 or 3 (2030-2070). Much will depend on how close the European cultural conservative 
forces are to seizing control of a British or French nuclear storage facility or if we manage 
to negotiate with the Russians, Indians or Israelis. Using nuclear weapons would normally 
inflict too many civilian casualties and it is therefore hard to imagine how nuclear 
weapons could benefit our cause. The only alternative would be if the devices were small 
enough to limit its direct and indirect impact to one or possibly two city blocks. Even 
then, the radiation would have catastrophic results for the environment. However, 
cleaning up the fallout of a very small charge (0,05-0,1 kt yield) would cost the 
multiculturalist regime(s) tens, perhaps hundreds of billions of Euros which could result in 
an earlier collapse (perhaps by even 1-2 decades). An earlier collapse could prevent 
hundreds of thousands of Europeans from dying depending on the severity of the ongoing 
civil war or the impending Phase 2 or 3 (a war where 70% of the population are Muslims 
are obviously much more dramatic than a war where only 40% are Muslims etc.). The 
Lebanon war is a good reference point. Imagine the following scenario: 
The patriotic pan-European resistance movement gain access to 24 small nuclear 
weapons (0,05-0,1 kt charge). We threaten to detonate the charges in a specific 
European capital (major government buildings only, with minimal civilian casualties) 
unless the Multicultural establishment capitulate and transfers all military and political 
mandates to a tribunal lead by Cultural Conservatives. Obviously, each country operates 
independently so it will be a country by country effort starting with France, the UK or 
Germany (France is the natural choice due to the advancement of the Islamisation. They 
will refuse the first time because they assume we will not be willing to detonate. They will 
however most likely capitulate when we threaten to detonate the second charge.
A strike of this magnitude would not only break the budget. It would jam the 
bureaucratic gears into gridlock, and bring the system crashing down. Fear, turmoil, 
violence and economic collapse would accompany such a breakdown providing perfect 
conditions for fostering radical change. Even the smallest nuclear detonation would 
therefore inflict massive ideological, psychological and economical damage on the target 
Multicultural regime and is likely to result in full surrender and collapse of the system.
The pragmatical approach to this scenario is for Western European and Russian 
nationalists to come together. A blueprint and prospect for a future European Federation 
(under Christian cultural conservative leadership) might end up being the needed catalyst 
to achieve this goal. Many high level Russian politicians, military leaders and a majority 
of Russians are likely to be interested in this prospect. 
The conclusion is; the threat and willingness to use small nuclear devices can end the 
European civil war faster and thus save up to hundreds of thousands of lives. However, it 
will prove more or less impossible to obtain in Phase 1. A well organised resistance group 
with military contacts will however be able to raid either a UK or French cache/facility 
during phase 2. This operation alone might end the civil war sooner than we anticipated 
with us as the victors.
Nuclear EMP attacks (electromagnetic device) from high altitude over major 
European cities.
Theoretically a missile-launched detonation (or detonation from an air craft) above the 
earth's atmosphere could cause a catastrophe in the targeted area. The high-altitude 
electromagnetic pulses from the blast will theoretically lead to severe and primary 
damage in the electricity grid over a huge area which again will lead to an "economic 
shutdown".
A nuclear warhead launched from a medium range missile or in an air craft and 
detonated 20 miles above target location (f example Brussels, Paris, London or any 
European major city) could cripple an entire country's power grid.
So called HEMP (High Altitude Electro Magnetic Pulse) and its effects could, in theory, 
bring a country to its knees by crippling power, water and communications. Cars could 
run out of fuel, cities could be gridlocked and the economy could in effect be "shut 
down". According to some scientists, recovery could take between four to eight years. As 
a result the system would come crashing down and the climate would be favourable for a 
military coup.
Obviously, the primary problem is to provide the nuclear weapons. I assume that a blast 
equivalent to at least 2+ kilotons would be required. 
In comparison, when we first gain access to material equivalent to a 2+ kiloton 
detonation it would be more logical to use the material to create 20 x 0,1 kiloton devices 
and target multiple main targets (primary EU/government buildings) than wasting all the 
material on one single blast 20 miles above a target city. However, when the civil war has 
been won and the focus will be on the re-conquering of Anatolia nuclear EMP attacks 
would be favourable.
Establishing Western European WMD labs or acquirement through “break in” at 
national facilities
Efforts should be made to create one or more Western European laboratories during 
Phase 1, 2 or 3. The lab should be created for the purpose of short term intensive 
cultivation to avoid detection. The products produces in the lab should be distributed to 
trusted key cultural conservatives in several countries through a straw man.
Break-in at national facilities is certainly an alternative but will prove much more difficult 
in Phase 1 as it will require relatively large cells. Due to extensive security measures it 
will involve armed raids which will be very vulnerable to police force counter attacks.
Obtaining WMD’s from Russian, Serbian or Israeli Nationalists – a realistic WMD 
scenario
Obtaining WMD’s from our Serbian Nationalist brothers is one of several realistic 
scenarios in Phase 1. Obtaining it from Russia or Israel is unlikely as they will want to see 
initial results first but might be of assistance in Phase 2.
I doubt the Russians or Israeli right wing will be accommodating (as they will see it as 
being too risky and too early) until Phase 2 or 3 but the opportunity is still worth 
exploring. 
Remember, we might fail to get our hands on a biological/chemical WMD’s 9 out of 10 but 
still be considered successful. 
Obtaining WMD’s from Christian Nationalists in the Middle East – a realistic 
WMD scenario
Establish contact with our Christian Armenian, Coptic, Maronite, Assyrian brothers in the 
Middle East (radical nationalist Christians or atheists, obviously not Muslims). There are 
large concentrations of Copts in Egypt and Maronites in Northern Lebanon.
When establishing contact with nationalists among these groups make sure they are fully 
aware of our political standpoints, especially in regards to our goal of re-creating future 
Middle Eastern Christian states. Try to get in contact with scientists or any other 
competent individuals who might be of assistance in developing biological/chemical 
compounds or whom are willing to use their networks to obtain high grade anthrax etc. 
Smuggling WMD’s in to the EU
These materials will be smuggled into European metropolitans using f example 
professional human traffickers or other potential intermediaries in a later phase of the 
operation. “Representative looking Europeans”, especially females is likely to have an 
easier time smuggling it into the EU as we avoid the scrutiny often reserved to men of 
Arab decent.  
Effect and employment of WMD’s against cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist 
targets
A briefcase full of high grade anthrax has the potential to kill as many as 200 000 people 
if dispersed effectively. However, this is not our objective. Our aim is to execute surgically 
precise attacks with a medium to low amount of casualties (concentrations of category A 
and B cultural Marxists/ multiculturalists). 
The number of civilian loses will be acceptable for certain targets. Certain target building 
complexes can contain as many as 30-50 category A traitors, 200-300 category B traitors 
and 2000-3000 category C traitors with an acceptable amount of civilians.
Uragan D2, anthrax or equivalent lethal chemical or biological weapons should be 
dispersed through ventilation systems of buildings where there are concentrations of 
category A and B traitors. 
The Justiciar Knight will either have to do a break-in during business hours (this will be 
risky as it will most likely alert personnel which may evacuate the building) or plan ahead 
by seeking employment as a janitor in the targeted building. 
An alternative would be to do a break-in during night time. Several containers with 
timer/dispersal mechanisms could be placed in strategic locations in the ventilation 
system. 
Our objectives when using WMD’s
Our objectives are the same. We will not allow our corrupt and traitorous EU elites to sell 
the European people in to Muslim slavery. We will not allow them to annihilate Western 
civilisation, our identities and culture by allowing them to continue to institutionalise and 
implement multiculturalism. 
We demand their full surrender - nothing more, nothing less. Our national militaries will 
be forced to act if we cause sufficient damage and we might be successful in instigating a 
premature coup d’état. We might also be successful in forcing the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist elites to open up for negotiations with the cultural conservatives 
and create some sort of compromise we can all live with. This would involve radical 
changes and many concessions given on their behalf.
The use of chemical and/or biological weapons is going too far?
If you have moral quarrels remember that the multiculturalists are slowly exterminating 
us indirectly by allowing Islamic demographic warfare in combination with their refusal to 
ensure sustainable indigenous fertility rates. It is our duty to defend ourselves, our 
national sovereignty, our peoples and our cultures. More than 40 000 Western Europeans 
have died as a result of Muslim atrocities since 1960, more than 1 million European 
women raped, and more than 5 million Europeans have been ravaged, robbed or 
brutalised by Muslims. The European civil war started as early as 1999 and you should 
never forget that fact. We are fighting to seize political and military power and we will 
continue our struggle until the cultural Marxists/multiculturalists surrender to our 
demands. Europe must again come under cultural conservative control. 
It is your duty to use any and all means necessary to prevent the mass extermination of 
our cultures, identities and the ongoing genocide of the free peoples of Europe.
Extremely high risk WMD sources:
Obtaining WMD’s from Jihadi groups – doubtful but not impossible
An alliance with the Jihadists might prove beneficial to both parties but will simply be too 
dangerous (and might prove to be ideologically counter-productive).
We both share one common goal. They want control over their own countries in the 
Middle East and we want control of our own countries in Western Europe. A future 
cultural conservative European regime will deport all Muslims from Europe and isolate the 
Muslim world. As a result, the Islamists will gain the necessary momentum to retake 
power in several countries: Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Jordan, Syria, Yemen, Oman, 
Algeria, Morocco and a few others.
The Jihadists know this very well. An Islamic Caliphate is a useful enemy to all Europeans 
as it will ensure European unity under Christian cultural conservative leadership.  
How this type of scenario could play out:
Approach a representative from a Jihadi Salafi group. Get in contact with a Jihadi 
strawman. Present your terms and have him forward them to his superiors:
1.
Ask for “hudna” (temporary truce) during the discussions/proposal and demand assurances 
not to be harmed if they reject our offer. Ask if this is acceptable to them.
2.
If they accept, try to meet at a neutral place (not like there is a neutral place on Muslim 
territory) or at least a relatively public place (which will make it harder for them to betray 
your arrangement) and present your offer. They are asked to provide a biological 
compound manufactured by Muslim scientists in the Middle East. Hamas and several Jihadi 
groups have labs and they have the potential to provide such substances. Their problem is 
finding suitable martyrs who can pass “screenings” in Western Europe. This is where we 
come in. We will smuggle it in to the EU and distribute it at a target of our choosing. We 
must give them assurances that we are not to harm any Muslims etc. 
3.
They will demand that we attack a target with many cultural conservative Europeans, Jews 
or Americans. This is the main problem when dealing with Jihadists. They view the cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists as allies and it is not likely that they will participate in any attacks 
against them. They will have reservations against doing any harm to especially French, 
German, Spanish, Norwegian or Swedish cultural Marxist/multiculturalist authorities as they 
view them as facilitators in Islamising Europe. They will likely push for a British target 
which is likely to be the pragmatic outcome of the talks. We can compromise as long as 
there are large enough concentrations of category A and B traitors at any British target but 
it will be very difficult.
If the talks go through we have to make a choice regarding honouring our part of the deal 
with them. If we betray them once, they will never trust any cultural conservatives again. 
In any case, it’s an extremely risky operation as they are fully aware of our intentions and 
agenda. They know we plan to deport all Muslims from Europe once we seize power in the 
future. The primary argument on our behalf will be that a future cultural conservative 
regime will isolate the Muslim world, which will make it a lot easier for them to seize power 
in their own respective countries which will allow them to pursue their dream to create a 
future Islamic Caliphate.  They will screen any individual thoroughly before handing over 
one million USD worth of anthrax so it won’t work to pretend that you are a left wing 
extremist. This fact and others increases the risk that they may discontinue any talks and 
instead kill you. Cooperating with Muslims is a very dangerous game and the risk of it 
backfiring is relatively large. Another factor is that especially European Jihadists are under 
strict surveillance so any approach will likely be registered by the National Intelligence 
Agency. Also, it might be viewed by the European people as a traitorous and hypocritical 
act considering the fact that we are criticising National Socialist for cooperating with 
Muslims. It might also weaken our relationship with the Israeli right wing. However, we 
should be open minded for any future opportunities that might arise under specific and 
favourable circumstances.   
4.
Both groups win if the attacks are successful. They are one step closer to a Middle Eastern 
Caliphate and we are one step closer to a cultural conservative Western Europe. They will 
try to push us into doing a test attack against cultural conservative Europeans, Jews or 
Americans. Obviously, this request is not acceptable to us.
Authentication process when acquiring nuclear/biological/chemical weapons 
from the enemies of our enemies 
There might come a time when we, the PCCTS, Knights Templar will consider to use or 
even to work as a proxy for the enemies of our enemies. This might be an option if we 
feel that conventional approaches are fruitless or if the intelligence agencies/system 
protectors working for the Western European regimes successfully manage to neutralise 
our long term efforts to liberate our countries.  
Under these circumstances, the PCCTS, Knights Templar will for the future consider 
working with the enemies of the EU/US hegemony such as Iran (South Korea is unlikely), 
al-Qaeda, al-Shabaab or the rest of the devout fractions of the Islamic Ummah with the 
intention for deployment of small nuclear, radiological, biological or chemical weapons in 
Western European capitals and other high priority locations. Justiciar Knights and other 
European Christian martyrs can avoid the scrutiny normally reserved for individuals of 
Arab descent and we can ensure successful deployment and detonation in the location of 
our choice.   
Nevertheless, we cannot, under any circumstances, accept deployment of nuclear 
weapons for surface detonation above 0,2 kilotons as it would involve too many civilian 
casualties. However, smaller devices up to approximately 0,2 kilotons are ideal for 
annihilating concentrations of category A and B traitors (traitor HQs). This scenario will 
involve the destruction of up to 1-2 city blocks/HQs with high concentrations of traitors 
and therefore suits our purpose. 
As for aerial detonations, we can accept more powerful devices for the purpose of 
deploying and detonating it in the atmosphere, with the intent to destroy the 
infrastructure of criminal Western European regimes through EMP damage. This can also 
be employed strategically, f example in the first phase of a coup in order to paralyse the 
defensive forces of the regime (atmospheric EMP blast will paralyze a big portion of 
communication in any capital city).
The obvious challenge is the fact that the Islamic Ummah, aka “International Islamic 
Front for Jihad against Jews and Crusaders” and PCCTS, Knights Templar (representing 
the International Crusader front against Jihadi imperialism) have conflicting goals. Not 
only are we arch enemies in a war which stretches back 1400 years to the day when the 
warlord, Muhammad’s, forces first started to massacre Jews and Christians in the 
western Jihadi front. They wish to conquer all Christian European lands and forcefully 
convert us while we wish to deport all Muslims from Christian territory and isolate them. 
Regardless of these obvious conflicts, they should understand that we are not imperialists 
in contrary to the US/EU globalists who seek to maintain the Islamic puppet regimes and 
force the European way on them. The Islamic Ummah should view our enemies; the 
US/EU globalists, as a greater threat than we would ever aspire to be. The reason is that 
we do not wish to destroy Islam but simply to isolate it primarily outside Europe. 
Assuming we will ever seek common ground, which is unlikely at best, the problem will 
be the authentication process. How can the Ummah, the enemy of our enemy, know they 
are really dealing with a Justiciar Knight and not a CIA or EU agent? How can it be 
proved that the individual seeking to become a proxy for the deployment of 
nuclear/radiological/biological/chemical weapon(s) isn’t an undercover agent working for 
the US or a Western European country’s intelligence?
The difference between an agent and a Justiciar Knight is that the latter will be willing to 
make a great sacrifice for the purpose of proper validation. Now what kind of sacrifice 
would be great enough to remove all doubt that the candidate is not a EU/US agent? A 
Justiciar Knight is willing to martyr himself for the cause while a EU/US agent will not be 
willing to sacrifice much. The entity should demand that the alleged Justiciar Knight in 
question surgically remove his penis and testicles and/or execute a fixed number of 
civilian children. While this requirement seems morbid, absurd and unreasonable, it is 
perhaps the most effective method of confirming the intentions of an individual. Because 
why would one of the sides part with a powerful weapon which worth exceeds perhaps 
100 million Euros? The party would need to make 100% sure that the proxy is 
trustworthy. A government agent could and would never accept these terms to maintain 
his cover, but a true Justiciar Knight would willingly sacrifice everything for the cause, 
including committing smaller atrocities as long as it served the greater good of our cause. 
He would also be willing to part with these body parts in order to confirm his intent in 
this validation process. In any case, the entity would have to provide a surgical team to 
safely complete the operation without risk of loss of life for the Justiciar Knight.   
End note: a CIA/EU intelligence agent with a lethal/terminal disease/virus/cancer might 
be willing to agree to this sacrifice. Therefore, the party has to complete a full medical 
examination to ensure that the candidate does not suffer from any lethal, terminal 
condition. If the candidate suffers from a potentially lethal condition he should not be 
trusted as it is likely that he is an agent working for the US/EU hegemony. Furthermore, 
the candidate has to provide documentation that he has the professional capabilities 
required to employ an operation of that scale. 
Obviously, the entity has to at least comprehend, if not accept, that the PCCTS, Knights 
Templar supports a foreign policy which includes the deportation of all Muslims from 
Europe, the liberation of Western and Eastern Anatolia and the areas north and south of 
Israel. If they can look past these factors, and all other circumstances are met, we will be 
willing to consider offering our services as proxies with the intent to deploy these 
weapons on targets of our choosing.
As previously noted, the PCCTS, Knights Templar do not intend to persecute devout 
Muslims or enslave them under puppet leaders in their own Islamic countries like today’s 
EU/US leaders are doing. Our only intention is to partly isolate the future European 
Federation. We do not necessarily oppose the creation of a caliphate lead by devout 
Muslims in the Middle East. And we do not support the current EU/US hegemony’s policy 
of maintaining the ongoing cultural and financial imperialism which involve maintaining 
the corrupt pro-Western puppet regimes in Islamic countries. 
The option of cooperating with the Ummah seems unlikely today, as we haven’t reached 
a stage where we are desperate enough, but may be a viable option within a couple of 
decades based on several factors. Until then, it is our responsibility to always search for 
or contribute to create windows of opportunities. Our enemies, the cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist criminal regimes of Western Europe have more enemies than we 
can imagine. The greatest disadvantage of the Conservative European Resistance 
movement, including PCCTS, Knights Templar is that we lack safe havens; we lack 
territory where we can gather components, develop and build powerful weapons. The 
greatest disadvantage of the Ummah however is to safely smuggle and deploy their 
weapons into and on European territory, as they lack “invisible proxies” able to avoid 
scrutiny. As such, our advantages vs. disadvantages fulfil each other. We owe it to 
ourselves to consider all possibilities.
Why Anthrax is considered one of the most effective WMD’s 
The use of anthrax has an excellent “shock effect” and is likely to result in massive media 
coverage. 
Economic impact
The 2001 anthrax attacks; cleanups at a US Senate office building, several contaminated 
postal facilities and other U.S. government and private office buildings showed that 
decontamination is possible, but it is time-consuming and costly. Clearing the Senate 
office building of anthrax spores cost $27 million, according to the Government 
Accountability Office. Cleaning the Brentwood postal facility outside Washington cost 
$130 million and took 26 months.
In addition, the US government have spent several billion USD to research and develop 
various vaccines and countermeasures. The cultural Marxist/ multiculturalist elites of 
Europe will have to invest similar amounts.
Example of a good Anthrax campaign 
Anthrax can be distributed/dispersed by using targeted mailing campaigns, either by mail 
courier or through regular mail. 2,5 grams is the maximum amount of anthrax powder 
that could be put in an envelope without making a suspicious bulge. The quantity in the 
envelope sent to Senator Tom Daschle in October 2001 was 2 grams.
Create an overview of all category A and B traitors in your city region or country 
Research the name and address of every single individual. Buy the necessary equipment 
and prepare to produce and print letters.
Example message:
--------------------------------------------------------
José Manuel Durão Barroso
In reference to a letter sent to your political party and/or your office a few years ago;
Paste in Fjordmans letter: A European Declaration of Independence or anything similar
We regret to inform you that you have been flagged by the Portuguese and pan-European 
cultural conservative Military and Criminal Tribunal as a “Category A traitor” for your 
involvement in the crimes against all free Europeans.
You have deliberately used your influence in a way which makes you indirectly or directly 
guilty of the listed charges:
List definition of crimes; 1-8 (found in this document)
We, the European military order and tribunal; Commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici – 
PCCTS, the Knights Templar, on behalf of the free indigenous peoples of Europe, condemn 
you to death for your involvement in the listed crimes against the peoples of Europe.
Your sentence will be carried out by targeted execution (by a Justiciar Knight or another 
cultural conservative/nationalist) during Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 of the ongoing 
European Civil War; If not today, then tomorrow, in ten years, or as soon as we are in a 
position to do so. Note that multiculturalism is a self-defeating ideology when combined 
with Islamisation. In a few decades, when Islam has reached 50% in certain countries, the 
people will cry out loud for cultural conservative leadership to save them. As soon as we 
seize power in Western Europe, or in your specific country, you can be assured that we will 
arrest and execute every single category A and B traitor. We know who you are, where you 
and your family live and we are aware of your exact involvement in the listed crimes.
However, the ongoing European civil war is now in Phase 1. In this regard we are willing to 
grant all categories; A, B and C traitor’s amnesty for the specified crimes provided you fulfil 
certain conditions. You must immediately and without hesitation use your influence to carry 
out a minimum of duties in order to rectify the damage you have caused through your 
involvement in the listed crimes.
The only way to be granted amnesty is thus to build a verifiable “track record” by publicly 
renouncing your past political stance. 
Specifically;
-
You are to renounce multiculturalism and work for its immediate removal from all 
government policies and school curricula. Furthermore, you are to actively work against the 
ongoing Islamisation of Europe. 
-
You are to support policies for the continuation of the cultural heritage and traditions of the 
indigenous populations.
-
You are to demand that all Muslim immigration in whatever form should be immediately 
and completely halted, and that our authorities take a long break from mass immigration in 
general until such a time when law and order has been re-established in our major cities. 
Furthermore, you must not stand in the way of future Muslim deportations.
If these duties are not fully carried out, you will lose this one-time-offer of amnesty. 
Whatever you chose to do, you cannot change the outcome of a future cultural conservative 
victory in Europe. We will not allow you and your fellow conspirators to sell the people of 
Europe in to Muslim slavery. 
Time is of the essence, it is in your interest to show where your loyalty is. A Justiciar Knight 
or another cultural conservative will find your name at the top of his list and may be on his 
way to carry out sentence while you are reading this announcement.
Sincere regards,
Commilitones Christi Templique Solomonici
European Military Order and Tribunal
Consider to add:
You may contact the Portuguese and pan-European cultural conservative Military and 
Criminal Tribunal by visiting the following website:
www.xxxx.com - If website is offline, search up the term “2083” on www.google.com and 
enter one of the designated cultural conservative websites (the official cultural conservative 
– category A and B traitor register which should be created some time in the future). 
Register with name, address and official verifiable e-mail address and go to: priority lists. 
Punch in one of the following codes on the “category A traitor page”:
-----------
Webpage stating:
Accusation
If you have received this letter you are flagged as a category A or B traitor. Feel free to 
forward an official statement to us by selecting the different codes (indicating your position 
to the following accusations (charges 1-8). We are therefore allowing you to remove or 
change your status in our system. 
Charges 1-8:
I will deliberately contribute to destroy Western Civilisation, European cultures and 
identities and continue to support the Islamisation of Europe through allowing demographic 
warfare (mass Muslim immigration and high birth rates).
I seek to clarify my position for the following charges 1-8:
1. I intend to continue with my current stance, because I am a cultural Marxist.
2. I intend to continue with my current stance, because I am a humanist or a capitalist 
globalist and believe in a one-world-philosophy (where Islam is included).
3. I don’t like what I’m doing but I feel my career is more important than anything else. If I 
change my viewpoints I will lose my job which is unacceptable. 
4. I just go with the flow and haven’t given it much thought. I don’t really care about what 
happens to Europe 30 years from now.
5. I am a cultural conservative but if I renounce my current political line I will lose 
everything, which is not acceptable.
6. I will renounce my current political line, because of your threats. I do not share your 
views at all. 
7. I will renounce my current political line, no further comment.
8. I will renounce my current political line as I am a cultural conservative at heart.
-----------
--------------------------------------------------------
It should be noted that even if the letters (mailing campaigns) doesn’t contain real 
anthrax but instead a hoax powder, it will still have very beneficial results. Many cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist elites will defect, quit politics, their media, university, artist 
position as a result. Some may even realise what they are doing/have done and may join 
our struggle. Many of the so called “category A and B” traitors aren’t truly cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists. Many are just “going with the flow” and will therefore re-
evaluate their involvement in future activities. 
“Decisive-blow” campaigns – high grade anthrax mailing campaigns
Provided we have established a laboratory in Europe and the necessary equipment, we 
would be able to launch a “decisive-blow-campaign”.
This operation will involve at least 21 individuals (depending if we already have the 
necessary amount of high grade anthrax) and will require a complete database of all 
category A and B traitor names, addresses etc. Personnel needed: 1 administrator, 20 for 
distribution.
Would require 818(409) kilograms of anthrax (2(1) grams of anthrax per targeted 
individual):
France – 65 650 category A and B traitors
Germany – 82 820
United Kingdom – 62 216
Netherlands – 16 665
Belgium – 10 807
Sweden – 9393
Norway – 4848
Luxembourg – 498
Switzerland – 7777
Spain – 47 167
Italy – 60 600
Portugal – 10 807

