# 3.56 Evaluating the possibilities for acquiring and employing nuclear weapons in phase 1

> 原文页码: 1022-1024

However, you should probably use at least 0,20 ml (4 drops) per bullet which is aprox 
100 mg (almost twice the lethal dose for a 75 kg individual). You would then need to 
acquire 28 ml/0,028 liters of pure liquid nicotine.
Tips when ordering chemicals from other EU countries or from Asia
Nicotine is categorized as a pharmaceutical compound and not as narcotics in most 
European countries so if customs seize your package; they will usually just ship it back to 
sender and you will most likely not have to worry about them pressing charges. They 
might even allow the shipment if you seem like a credible receiver with a registered 
company.
Factors which will increase your chances for successfully ordering/receiving 
pure nicotine and other chemicals:
Register a company; not necessarily a corporation, but a less significant/expensive 
judicial entity. The name of the company should be chosen based on a tactical 
assessment. F example something with geo, farm, pharmaceutical, laboratories, research 
or perhaps something relating to mining etc. I chose a hybrid for my company (Geofarm) 
as it eased my efforts when starting the process of acquiring large quantities of AN 
fertilizer as well. Few if any “red flags” will be raised if you “appear to be” a legit 
organization. The name will help you when ordering chemicals from foreign companies 
and in relation to customs procedures. 
You may even consider acquiring a research permit from your government to further the 
justification and easing the process of acquiring chemicals. Always act in a formal and 
polite manner when contacting companies. 
3.56 Evaluating the possibilities for acquiring and employing nuclear weapons 
in phase 1 
PCCTS, Knights Templar “franchise” operations, lead by autonomous/ independent cells, 
will continue to emerge around Europe in the coming decades.  
There are cells that are already in the process of attempting to acquire chemical, 
biological, radiological or nuclear materials although it will be literally impossible to 
create a small nuclear bomb (0,1-0,2 kt) in phase 1 of the European civil war. 
Efforts to clandestinely build a nuclear device require a coherent and consistent 
investment measuring in the billions (if not tens of billions) of dollars over a period likely 
spanning a decade or more. We would require large, fixed, well-powered and vulnerable 
installations for a variety of aspects of the effort. These installations represent an 
enormous risk and opportunity cost for PCCTS, Knights Templar. The cultural Marxist 
hegemony (USASSR/EUSSR) closely monitors some of the equipment we will need to 
acquire and they will concentrate an enormous investment of intellectual, financial and 
material resources into just the sort of target that they can bring their air power to bear 
upon.
Though the history of the use of advanced chemical, biological or nuclear weapons in 
guerilla warfare is limited, the fact of the matter is that in most cases where groups have 
considered pursuing these capabilities have ultimately led to them being abandoned in 
favor of more obtainable and efficient tactics. They simply fall well short of the 
destruction wrought by simpler and more conventional explosive devices. Pound for 
pound, euro for euro and hour for hour of effort, high explosives are far more effective at 
inflicting massive category A and B casualties.
The innovation of using certain civilian infrastructure as destructive devices is far more in 
line with a guerilla organisations operational thinking than concepts of concentrating 
resources on building vulnerable secret facilities. Doing so runs in the face of basic 
operational security considerations for any liberation movement. However, it should be 
noted that essential components can be acquired from surprising locations. F example 
fissle material can be stolen from any major hospital (at least enough to create a nasty 
little dirty bomb) and other components may be acquired from the Russian mafia. 
Furthermore, there may open up windows of opportunities such as that of Russia in the 
90s. 
But what about acquiring a nuclear weapon that has already been built? The security of 
nuclear weapons is and has long been an important concern for the cultural Marxist 
hegemony.
However, the effort involved in actually trying to steal a British or French nuclear warhead 
would entail a significant dedication of resources and an immense intelligence effort 
beyond the reach of almost any liberation organisation. Indeed, the odds of a failure are 
high, no matter how careful and meticulous the planning. The nuclear weapons facilities 
in the UK, France and Germany (owned by the US) are obviously not as hardened as 
others, but taken as a whole, they are some of the hardest targets on the planet, and the 
personnel better vetted than almost any other institution. As of now, we do not have 
enough insiders working in the French, British and German facilities although we might 
have enough in phase 2. 
Even the lightest attempt for a Justiciar Knight cell to begin probing runs the risk of not 
only failing to acquire a bomb, but setting off a series of alarms and red flags that brings 
such an aggressive investigative and law enforcement/military response down on the that 
particular cell that it could be completely wiped out before it ever attempted to target its 
true objectives.
And even if one could be stolen or otherwise acquired, modern nuclear weapons have 
been designed to include a series of highly sophisticated safety features. Though all 
nuclear weapons are not created equal, these range from permissive action links without 
which the device cannot be armed (a feature even Pakistani warheads are now thought 
to employ) to configurations that will actually render the fissile core(s) useless if 
improperly accessed. Furthermore, the theft would be difficult to carry off without setting 
off the same alarms and red flags that would leave little opportunity for the device to be 
smuggled particularly far.
Nuclear weapons are complex devices that require considerable care and maintenance — 
especially the small, modern and easily transportable variety. After the collapse of the 
Soviet Union, fears arose of a series of Soviet suitcases containing sophisticated nuclear 
devices were somehow lost. These fears persisted into the 21st century, well after the 
fissile and radioisotope materials in the design would have decayed significantly enough 
to effect the performance of the weapon, in addition to the diminished functionality of its 
other components after being handled roughly over the years.
Evaluating Nuclear Weapons and Proxies
Another suggestion would be attempting to acquire nuclear components from North 
Korea, Iran, Pakistan or India. A couple of these regimes might hand off a nuclear 
weapon to a non-state actor or proxy of some sort, one that would detonate it at a 
mutually-agreeable target as soon as possible. One of these countries may use a 
shipping container or some other clandestine means, cooperating with a proxy, to carry 
out an attack on a target, the deniable use of nuclear weapons.
Three factors must be considered when addressing the above scenario. The first is an 
issue of trust and control. Non-state, militant proxies like the PCCTS, Knights Templar 
would rely on patrons, a country, for support and training. But we have our own interests 
as well and we hold them close. Furthermore, there is no central hierarchy in the PCCTS, 
Knights Templar as we are the sum of autonomous and completely independent cells. It 
is therefore not a monolithic, unified entity but an extremely distributed network. A 
majority of cells are not yet advanced enough to competently handle a large operation 
like this.   
This of course assumes that a capable regime would ever hand over a nuke to us in the 
first place. Proxies must be kept dependent; otherwise they cease to be proxies. We do 
not share some deep bond of trust with any of these regimes. Handing over even a crude 
nuclear device is anathema to a potential relationship and would destroy the dynamics by 
which that country enforces its will as a patron. It would have provided an organisation 
that it can never fully trust with the one true guarantor of sovereignty.
Second, the nuclear device is the product of an immense, expensive national effort. Each 
individual weapon or device, especially early on, represents an enormous investment of 
national resources. By handing one over to an outside group, the country not only has no 
assurance of it being employed in the way they want, but opens itself to the prospect of 
that immense investment being wasted or misused.
Finally, there is the issue of risk. A nuclear weapon used in a terrorist attack against any 
of the cultural Marxist EUSSR regimes will be followed by the most intense, broad and 
meticulous investigation in human history. The fissile material that made it possible will 
be traced ruthlessly to its source. The necessary investigative processes are not only 
possible and well understood, but work to improve and further refine them has only 
intensified and received additional funding after 9/11. Indeed, a country providing a 
nuclear weapon to the PCCTS, Knights Templar could not have reasonable assurances 
that it would not come back to haunt them, either through investigation or interrogation 
of those that carried out the attack.
That country would be opening itself up to responsibility and accountability for our 
actions. Again, the material will almost certainly be traced back to that country. And it 
would be them that suffered the consequences.
The closest historical use of a nuclear proxy was North Koreas attempt to share some 
civilian technology with Syria (dual-use precursor technologies). It quickly decided that 
the entire idea was too risky and sold Syria out to Israel and the United States, resulting 
in Israeli airstrikes in Western Syria in 2007. So while the concern about technology 
sharing is real (and validated by the now infamous network of A.Q. Khan), there are also 
limitations to how much one country is willing to risk for an autonomous Crusader 
movement. The Israeli bombing and North Korea’s betrayal of Syria will not be soon 
forgotten.
But most importantly, the PCCTS, Knights Templar are currently unwilling to detonate a 
nuclear warhead above 0,1-0,2 kt device as the civilian casualties would be too great. A 
large warhead (several kilotons) would be worthless to us. Furthermore, we currently 
lack the resources and competence to successfully reverse engineer large nuclear 
warheads and creating small nuclear devices (briefcase size devices). We may re-
evaluate these options at a later time.

