# 3.57 Using European nuclear power plants as a weapon of mass destruction

> 原文页码: 1025-1027

3.57 Using European nuclear power plants as a weapon of mass destruction
“There are no limitations but those we inflict on ourselves...!”
Chernobyl, an accident or the most successful anti-Marxist attack in recorded history? 
Many political analysts claim that the Chernobyl accident was one of two primary factors 
(Chernobyl + Afghanistan) which broke the back of the Soviet Union. This is perhaps 
true, at least it contributed significantly to the fall of this Marxist terror regime. But what 
if it wasn’t an accident at all but rather the actions of a Ukrainian nationalist military cell 
which had successfully infiltrated the plant? These brave anti-Marxist operatives might 
have infiltrated the facility and posed as plant-workers. They sabotaged the facility and 
caused the accident well knowing how much damage it would cause to the Soviet Union. 
As this scenario seems farfetched it is still hard to completely rule out the possibility. 
Obviously, it was not in the interest of the Soviet Union to admit to such a “military” 
defeat and it was not in the interest of the armed Ukrainian nationalist movement to take 
credit for the attack. Taking credit for such a devastating attack would prompt the Soviet 
tyrants to completely wipe out all Ukrainian nationalists and patriotic sympathisers as a 
result. How many millions did the Soviet Union massacre; 40-60 million? And how many 
more would it have massacred had it not been for this brave Ukrainian nationalist cell? 
They inflicted massive civilian suffering, tens of thousands dying of cancer (a majority 
was caused by a significant delay in evacuation though and cannot be blamed on the 
cell). However, at the same time they may have actually saved millions from certain 
death.  
Morally justifiable?
This also raises an important question. Would it be morally justifiable to initiate an attack 
of this magnitude in order to end a genocidal and evil regime committed to wiping out 
everything European? It is important to understand how much power we, the National 
Resistance Movements of Europe possess over human life. A Justiciar Knight has a lot of 
responsibility to make just choices based on pragmatical evaluations and considerations. 
A Justiciar Knight must never act blindly and based on hate alone. Hate will drive you to 
the most disproportionate actions resulting in excessive and unnecessary suffering.
Thorough pragmatical estimations must be made in order to make our decisions as 
judges:
With our current regimes, over the next 5 decades: 
-
How many of our sisters have and will be raped by Muslims? 
-
How many Europeans will be ravaged, robbed, beaten, terrorised or killed by Muslims?
-
How many of our brothers and sisters will commit suicide due to these atrocities? 
-
How many Europeans will die in the future Christian-Muslim war on European soil? 
Hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions?
-
Can we afford to speculate in the outcome of the coming Christian-Muslim war? What if we 
lose? How many Europeans will be massacred or enslaved by Islamic forces on European 
soil if we lose? Hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions just like in Anatolia or India?
-
How many patriotic oriented individuals will be ridiculed and persecuted by our 
multiculturalist oppressors? 
See all charges 1-8 for a complete overview of atrocities committed directly or indirectly 
by the current cultural Marxist regimes. 
Expected Muslim atrocity report for the next 10 years (see: Muslim atrocities committed 
against Western Europeans 1960-2010 (2020)):
-
1 million+ of our sisters raped. 
-
3-4 million+ of our brothers and sisters ravaged, robbed, beaten, terrorised
-
30 000-40 000+ murdered directly/indirectly (suicide due to atrocities)
When you compare these numbers to the casualty report of a future Chernobyl attack it 
is obvious that the above numbers would be equivalent to 10-50 Chernobyl attacks.  
Considerations and evaluation of strike
The European Resistance Movements will have to re-evaluate our future assault methods 
closely and based on our ideological success as a result of using conventional weapons of 
mass destruction (WMDs). 
What if a majority of our future cells are annihilated by EUSSR agents or if they somehow 
manage to pacify us through harsh monitoring laws? What if they succeed in their pursuit 
to suppress and persecute us? Based on our success or failure in using conventional 
weapons, we might end up in a situation where we will have to consider the possibility to 
use drastic measures in order to financially devastate our enemies. Pragmatical 
operational reasoning involves using methods which will yield the maximum results for a 
minimum of invested resources (euro by euro, hour by hour, requiring a minimal number 
of sacrificed martyrs). 
If we are unsuccessful in achieving concession from them and they continue with the 
indirect ongoing genocide of Europeans we will have to consider using methods which 
were deemed too extreme in the past. 
The Chernobyl disaster broke the back of the Soviet Union. A new Chernobyl disaster in 
the heart of Western Europe will break the back of the EUSSR, have no doubt. Causing a 
new Chernobyl disaster on a multiculturalist regime would completely cripple them and 
might eventually lead to the collapse of the EU altogether or any targeted individual 
regime. However, it would potentially cause massive civilian suffering and/or hundreds of 
thousands or even millions of internally displaced individuals (refugees). A new Chernobyl 
disaster in the heart of the EU will not be as devastating (civilian suffering) as that in 
Ukraine/Belarus. Western European regimes will not wait a week before informing and 
evacuating the public so the number of individuals affected will be significantly less 
(estimated to less than 10 000-50 000). 
It may be required to make such sacrifices in order to end this experimental 
multiculturalist nightmare and genocide. Sometimes, the situation requires us to be cruel 
and kill a limited number of civilians (indirect casualties in shock/sabotage attacks) in 
order to prevent much more severe long term atrocities against our peoples. In fact, 
from a pragmatical viewpoint, it would be inhuman not to act in a cruel manner when the 
alternative is much worse. Just focus on targets that can be morally justified and accept 
casualty numbers that are far from exceeding the alternative future atrocities. 
The resettlement of millions, mass building of new housing units, financial compensation 
for up to several millions will bankrupt any multiculturalist European country and will 
force them to halt all Muslim immigration. Furthermore, it will cause the regime to cut all 
funding of minority groups and foreign aid and instead focus on rebuilding. The costs will 
be astronomic and in today’s currency amount to as much as 1000-5000 billion Euro 
which is enough to bankrupt any regime. The regime will have no choice but to 
drastically reduce their over-inflated public sector resulting in hundreds of thousands of 
unemployed. All Western European countries will be forced to immediately halt all Muslim 
immigration as they are forced to help the internally driven European “refugees”. 
People who are already suffering will finally be freed from the ideological shackles 
(political correctness) that prevented them from standing up and fight for what they 
believe in. Standing up for their ideals will involve suffering. However, at this point the 
suffering is already prevalent so they will have nothing to lose. These conditions will be 
favourable for further consolidation and for the creation patriotic armed militias. 
Eventually, the conditions will be there for a military coup and we will fully take 
advantage of this window of opportunity.
If we successfully manage to seize political and military control of at least one Western 
European country in phase 1 (as a result of a regime collapse caused by the nuclear 
power plant attack) we may actually manage to deport all Muslims before they become a 
majority, and by doing so we potentially save millions of European lives from the war that 
most certainly awaits us when the Muslims in any given country become the dominating 
force and grow overconfident. Inflicting cruel cancer deaths on 1000 - 10 000 Europeans 
(in P1) might actually be the most humane thing we do, if their sacrifice contributes to 
prevent a bloody Christian-Muslims civil war (in P3) resulting in millions of deaths. And 
what if we lose the Christian-Muslims civil war in P3? A worst case scenario will be a 
repetition of the Hindu Kush genocides (80 million massacred Hindus, 100 million 
enslaved) resulting in the massacre and enslavement of an equivalent amount of 
Europeans should the Muslims dominate us one day. 
Deadline - January 1st, 2020
The PCCTS, Knights Templar will allow all Western European regimes to capitulate to our 
demands and we are hereby giving them a deadline which is January 1st, 2020. We will 
not initiate any nuclear power plant attacks until the deadline has passed (we will instead 
focus on non-nuclear attacks until then). However, if the Western European 
multiculturalist regimes do not fully implement our demands - stop the European 
genocide, deport all Muslims from Europe and ban multiculturalism as an anti-European 
hate ideology - by this date, we are committed to effectuate ALL necessary measures in 
order to stop them from annihilating everything European (see complete overview of 
demands in another chapter). This decision is not mine to make but must be decided by 
future Justiciar Knight Commanders based on several factors. At that point, diplomatic 
and conventional military efforts will have been exhausted. The following overview is to 
prepare all current and future European PCCTS, Knights Templar cells for what lies 
ahead.  I have included an overview over potential targets. The planning phase should be 
initiated at least 5-10 years prior to the execution of the attack (as we might rely on 
insiders), which will happen after the deadline at earliest. All committed individuals will 
have ample time to take a relevant education granting them access to W. European 
Nuclear facilities. At that point, given that the Western European multiculturalist regimes 
ignore our demands; operation “Regime Ender” can be justified and will be implemented. 

