# 3.58 Nuclear power plant assault strategy: “Operation Regime Ender”

> 原文页码: 1028-1057

3.58 Nuclear power plant assault strategy: “Operation Regime Ender”
Minimum requirements:
•
Assault team: 2-3 man cell (1 Justiciar Knight Commander, 1-2 JK operatives)
•
Extraction/exit strategy: martyrdom operation, no chance of survival due to massive 
radiation
•
Minimum funding required: 50 000 – 300 000 Euro
•
Primary WMD: 1 x 2-7 ton “barrack buster” WMD, depending on strength of containment 
building. A smaller charge (50-200kg charge) may have to be transported inside the 
containment building to the secondary containment structure (if that facility has one) as 
the blast from a large single source detonation may be unable to destroy the reactor inside 
the containment building due to the fact that a secondary containment structure shielded 
against the initial blast. Not all nuclear power plants use a secondary containment structure 
(see other approaches).
•
Method of delivery: aerial or ground vessel, alternatively smaller charges are brought inside 
the facility and placed near reactor. A small scooter vehicle that has a carrying capacity of 
100-500kg may be used to transport the charge(s) from the truck outside.
•
Equipment required: 2 trucks (one for the primary WMD and one for the secondary freight 
vehicle, the smaller secondary mobile bomb, the makeshift bridge and the load of 
gasoline/rubber/tar mix), full body armour, assault rifles, grenades, armour penetration 
rounds. The assault team will bring extra equipment for any infiltrators already at the 
facility.
•
Operation description: containment building and all containment barriers must be 
destroyed, reactor must be destroyed (optimally while online and before the Reactor 
Protective System has been activated), the load of gasoline/rubber will be placed and lit 
inside and close to the reactor to ensure the development of significant plumes (further 
studies required)
Potential obstacles: multiple armed guards, 1-2 checkpoints with armed personnel, each 
with anti-vehicle barriers (either tire puncturing devices or other anti-vehicle barriers). 
The compound is likely to be encircled by at least one concrete wall. 
Assault strategy 1 (no insiders): An assault team of three Justiciar Knights, depending 
on plant security, might be enough to neutralise the checkpoint guards (based on the 
number of armed guards). Some facilities will have many; others will have no armed 
guards at all. Deception might prove valuable. F example by posing as representatives 
from the fire authorities, forging IDs, insignia and uniforms. Bomb truck may be modifies 
so it mimics a fire truck.  
Assault strategy 2  (no insiders): An assault team of three Justiciar Knights. Two fights 
their way inside, forces the plant workers to take the reactor online and deactivates the 
interior bomb shield, then detonates a smaller charge (50 kg) destroying the reactor. One 
Knight should study the safety systems and learn how to turn the reactor online, unless 
restricted by keys, password, etc. As soon as this is done the  third Knight (who is 
outside waiting in the “barrack buster truck”) detonates the load and tears a hole in the 
containment building. A truck containing gasoline/rubber with a bridge device might be 
required to ensure that the required plumes are generated inside which will transport the 
radiation to the athmosphere. It is likely that the interior bomb shield is likely to activate 
automatically as soon as the first explosion detonates. In this case, a total of 3 bombs 
will be required (1 large, 2 smaller).    
Assault strategy 3 (1 insider+2): An assault team of two Justiciar Knights might be 
enough to neutralise the checkpoint guards given that one Justiciar Knight works at the 
checkpoint undercover. The undercover guard can easily neutralise the other checkpoint 
guards, deactivate security measures and open the gates. 
Assault strategy 4 (insider assault – similar to the Chernobyl attack): An assault team 
of 2 armed Justiciar Knight insiders might be enough to shut down/sabotage the Reactor 
Protective System (ECCS and SLCS) by f. example sabotage certain reactor emergency 
systems so that the system cannot initiate an automatic SCRAM procedure and: 1. 
sabotage the emergency diesel generators and 2: rupture a large coolant pipe in the 
location that is considered to place the reactor in the most danger. However, due to the 
airtight containment building this insider assault would need an external Justiciar Knight 
to blow a hole in the building or cause the structure to collapse. The outside Knight would 
need to be heavily armed and successfully manage to place a load of 4000-7000 kg of 
explosives close to the containment building in order for the leakage to reach the 
atmosphere.  
Assault strategy 5 (aerial assault): A civilian aircraft with enough carrying capacity to 
hold 2-5 ton of cargo may be used. The detonation has to be timed perfectly as the blast 
radius has to be able to destroy the containment bulding. Testing shows that many 
containment buildings can withstand a direct hit by both fighter jets and even civilian 
airliners. However, it is uncertain how a civilian aircraft loaded with explosives would 
cause. There is a no-fly-zone surrounding the facility. Any ground to air missile devices (if 
any) placed close to the facility may pose a threat to the aircraft.
Assault strategy 6 (aerial assault): Not a very realistic scenario but in any case: at 
least two of the cell members infiltrate a military compound (the closest one to the power 
plant) and uses a fighter jet loaded with a bunker buster missile to destroy the reactor. I 
am not even sure if bunker buster missiles exist though or if there are any jet fighter 
missiles which has the potency to penetrate a containment building (they are sometimes 
constructed to withstand missile attacks). Justiciar Knights already working within the air 
force may serve this purpose as well as long as one of them can operate a fighter jet and 
the other one has the competence to fuel and arm it. Unlikely scenario.
End note: for plants with a containment building and a 
secondary containment structure (fully or partly 
submerged underground), a secondary or even a 
tertiary explosive device may be required based on the 
damage inflicted by the primary blast. 100 kg for the 
secondary and tertiary bomb should be enough. The 
problem here is that the carrying capacity of an 
individual is 50 kg at best which reduces the possibilities 
to transport a secondary bomb inside the facility. 
However, based on the size and shape of the crater after 
the initial blast (and whether the structure collapsed or 
not), a larger secondary bomb (200-500kg) can be 
transported inside the facility using a transportation 
device such as a snow-mobile or a re-designed scooter. 
Components to create/deploy a makeshift bridge over 
the crater may be necessary in order for the vehicle to 
safely cross the crater. A study of the target facility is 
required in order to evaluate the desired attack strategy. 
 Our reliance on plumes[1]
Let’s imagine the following scenario:
1.
The containment building and all containment barriers were breached by the primary 
“barrack buster” (4000-7000 kg)
2.
The reactor was successfully destroyed while being in an on-line state
As our primary goal is not to destroy the reactor alone but to ensure a significant release 
of highly radioactive fallout into the atmosphere and over an extensive geographical 
area, we rely on plumes caused by fire (momentum) as the “transportation method”. We 
may have to consider including a third truck loaded with a mix of gasoline and tar/rubber 
and detonate it as close to the reactor as possible (optimally inside the containment 
building). Alternatively a load of 2000 litres of gasoline/rubber/tar mix may be included 
in the second truck and placed strategically inside and close to the reactor by the 
scooter/snow-mobile prior to or after we destroy the reactor. This would result in the 
development of significant plumes transporting highly radioactive fallout into the 
atmosphere and would thus drastically increase the estimated “Exclusion zone”.
At this point in time 1 Justiciar Knight may already be dead and the two others severely 
contaminated. The final goal for the contaminated Knights will be to prevent all rescue 
personnel from:
1.
Sealing the blast hole in the containment building (depending on the radius of the whole) 
2.
Putting out the fires for the next 60 minutes
The regime will counter this strategy by sending in an assault team (with hazmat suits). 
These suits will prevent them from fighting efficiently. The Knights final stand will cause a 
significant delay of the regimes counter-measures.    
Financial losses and human suffering relating to the successful implementation 
of: “Operation Regime Ender”
Financial losses for the multiculturalist regime:
•
Resettlement of everyone within the exclusion zone: 30-50 (100) km radius (300K - 2 
million people)
•
Causing all infrastructure within the exclusion zone: 30-50 (100) km radius to be 
abandoned for the next 200 years due to the release of highly radioactive fallout.
•
All businesses within the exclusion zone (thousands of small to medium businesses) will be 
paralyzed resulting in a massive loss of taxes for the regime
•
A large proportion of the 300k – 2 million “internally displaced individuals” (refugees) will 
be pacified for a long period resulting in a massive loss of taxes for the regime.
•
Continuing and substantial decontamination and health care costs
•
National stock market will collapse as everyone will panic sell and attempt to salvage their 
funds
•
Pan-European stock markets will take a severe blow and are likely to crack as the panic 
spreads
•
International stock markets will take a severe blow and are likely to crack as the panic 
spreads
•
The national currency (or Euro) will be significantly weakened as currency investors will sell 
their positions and stay out 
•
Such a blow is likely to cause a chain reaction causing foreign governments to dump 
government issued bonds which will further weaken the currency
The costs will be astronomic and in today’s currency amount to as much as 1000-5000 
billion Euro which is enough to bankrupt any regime.
Such a devastating blow is calculated to break the budget, jam the bureaucratic gears 
into gridlock, and bring the system crashing down. Fear, turmoil, violence and economic 
collapse would accompany such a breakdown (after the successful implementation of 
“Operation Regime Ender”) providing perfect conditions for fostering radical change (coup 
d’état).
Innocent human suffering/casualties
The 2005 report prepared by the Chernobyl Forum, led by the International Atomic 
Energy Agency (IAEA) and World Health Organization (WHO), attributed 56 direct deaths 
(47 accident workers and nine children with thyroid cancer) and estimated that there 
may be 4000 extra cancer deaths among the approximately 600 000 most highly 
exposed people. Although the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone and certain limited areas remain 
off limits, the majority of affected areas are now considered safe for settlement and 
economic activity due to radioactive decay.
Many will claim that polluting our own lands is an unacceptable cost. However, 200 years 
of infertile ground in the exclusion zone is absolutely nothing compared to the fact that 
our ancestors have ruled this land for the last 10 000 – 12 000 years and will continue to 
rule it for the next 10 000 years.
Inaccuracies in the estimated casualty report
A majority of individuals were exposed to radiation as a direct result of the Soviet Union’s 
unwillingness to evacuate (one week delay) and their unwillingness to prevent 
contaminated agricultural products from being distributed. Furthermore, the dictatorship 
in Belarus deliberately continued to distribute agricultural products from badly 
contaminated areas to their people (this is the case even today). I have been in Belarus 
myself and can personally attest to this as I have spoken to tens of people who has no 
choice but to consume contaminated food. 60% of the fallout landed in Belarus and the 
dictatorship is still deliberately feeding their own population with contaminated 
agricultural products. 
The real future casualty numbers (attributed to a future attack cell) must therefore be 
considerably reduced: 
Estimated casualty report for “Operation Regime Ender”
•
Less than 50 direct deaths
•
Less than 1000 future deaths cause by cancer
•
Less than 10 000 exposed people.
1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plume_%28hydrodynamics%29
Understanding Nuclear reactor technology
A nuclear reactor is a device in which nuclear chain reactions are initiated, controlled, 
and sustained at a steady rate.
The most significant use of nuclear reactors is as an energy source for the generation of 
electrical power (see Nuclear power) and for the power in some ships (see Nuclear 
marine propulsion). This is usually accomplished by methods that involve using heat from 
the nuclear reaction to power steam turbines.
Components
The key components common to most types of nuclear power plants are:
•
Nuclear fuel
•
Nuclear reactor core
•
Neutron moderator
•
Neutron poison
•
Coolant (often the Neutron Moderator and the Coolant are the same, usually both purified 
water)
•
Control rods
•
Reactor vessel
•
Boiler feedwater pump
•
Steam generators (not in BWRs)
•
Steam turbine
•
Electrical generator
•
Condenser
•
Cooling tower (not always required)
•
Radwaste System (a section of the plant handling radioactive waste)
•
Refuelling Floor
•
Spent fuel pool
•
Reactor Protective System (RPS)
•
Emergency Core Cooling Systems (ECCS)
•
Standby Liquid Control System (emergency boron injection, in BWRs only)
•
Containment building
•
Control room
•
Emergency Operations Facility
The people in a nuclear power plant
Nuclear power plants typically employ just under a thousand people per reactor 
(including security guards and engineers associated with the plant but possibly working 
elsewhere).[citation needed]
•
Nuclear engineers
•
Reactor operators
•
Health physicists
•
Nuclear Regulatory Commission Resident Inspectors
Reactor types
Classifications
Nuclear Reactors are classified by several methods; a brief outline of these classification 
schemes is provided.
Classification by type of nuclear reaction
-
Nuclear fission. Most reactors, and all commercial ones, are based on nuclear fission. They 
generally use uranium and its product plutonium as nuclear fuel, though a thorium fuel 
cycle is also possible. This article takes "nuclear reactor" to mean fission reactor unless 
otherwise stated. Fission reactors can be divided roughly into two classes, depending on 
the energy of the neutrons that sustain the fission chain reaction:
•
Thermal reactors use slowed or thermal neutrons. Almost all current reactors are of this 
type. These contain neutron moderator materials that slow neutrons until their neutron 
temperature is thermalised, that is, until their kinetic energy approaches the average 
kinetic energy of the surrounding particles. Thermal neutrons have a far higher cross 
section (probability) of fissioning the fissile nuclei uranium-235, plutonium-239, and 
plutonium-241, and a relatively lower probability of neutron capture by uranium-238 
compared to the faster neutrons that originally result from fission, allowing use of low-
enriched uranium or even natural uranium fuel. The moderator is often also the coolant, 
usually water under high pressure to increase the boiling point. These are surrounded 
by reactor vessel, instrumentation to monitor and control the reactor, radiation 
shielding, and a containment building.
•
Fast neutron reactors use fast neutrons to cause fission in their fuel. They do not have 
a neutron moderator, and use less-moderating coolants. Maintaining a chain reaction 
requires the fuel to be more highly enriched in fissile material (about 20% or more) due 
to the relatively lower probability of fission versus capture by U-238. Fast reactors have 
the potential to produce less transuranic waste because all actinides are fissionable with 
fast neutrons,[7] but they are more difficult to build and more expensive to operate. 
Overall, fast reactors are less common than thermal reactors in most applications. 
Some early power stations were fast reactors, as are some Russian naval propulsion 
units. Construction of prototypes is continuing (see fast breeder or generation IV 
reactors).
-
Nuclear fusion. Fusion power is an experimental technology, generally with hydrogen as 
fuel. While not currently suitable for power production, Farnsworth-Hirsch fusors are used 
to produce neutron radiation.
-
Radioactive decay. Examples include radioisotope thermoelectric generators as well as other 
types of atomic batteries, which generate heat and power by exploiting passive radioactive 
decay.
Containment building
A containment building, in its most common usage, is a steel or reinforced concrete 
structure enclosing a nuclear reactor. It is designed, in any emergency, to contain the 
escape of radiation to a maximum pressure in the range of 60 to 200 psi ( 410 to 1400 
kPa). The containment is the final barrier to radioactive release (part of a nuclear 
reactor's defence in depth strategy), the first being the fuel ceramic itself, the second 
being the metal fuel cladding tubes, the third being the reactor vessel and coolant 
system.
The containment building itself is typically an airtight steel structure enclosing the reactor 
normally sealed off from the outside atmosphere. The steel is either free-standing or 
attached to the concrete missile shield. In the United States, the design and thickness of 
the containment and the missile shield are governed by federal regulations (10 CFR 
50.55a).
While the containment plays a critical role in the most severe nuclear reactor accidents, it 
is only designed to contain or condense steam in the short term (for large break 
accidents) and long term heat removal still must be provided by other systems. In the 
Three Mile Island accident the containment pressure boundary was maintained, but due 
to insufficient cooling, some time after the accident, radioactive gas was intentionally let 
from containment by operators to prevent over pressurization. This, combined with 
further failures caused the release of radioactive gas to atmosphere during the accident.
Types
Containment systems for nuclear power reactors are distinguished by size, shape, 
materials used, and suppression systems. The kind of containment used is determined by 
the type of reactor, generation of the reactor, and the specific plant needs.
Suppression systems are critical to safety analysis and greatly affect the size of 
containment. Suppression refers to condensing the steam after a major break has 
released it from the cooling system. Because decay heat doesn't go away quickly, there 
must be some long term method of suppression, but this may simply be heat exchange 
with the ambient air on the surface of containment. There are several common designs, 
but for safety-analysis purposes containments are categorized as either "large-dry," "sub-
atmospheric," or "ice-condenser."
Some facilities have an advanced containment/protection system
The ultimate safety system inside and outside of every BWR are the numerous levels of 
physical shielding that both protect the reactor from the outside world and protect the 
outside world from the reactor.
There are five levels of shielding:
1.
The fuel rods inside the reactor pressure vessel are coated in thick Zircalloy shielding;
2.
The reactor pressure vessel itself is manufactured out of 6 inch thick steel, with 
extremely temperature, vibration, and corrosion resistant surgical stainless steel grade 
316L plate on both the inside and outside;
3.
The primary containment structure is made of steel 1 inch thick;
4.
The secondary containment structure is made of steel-reinforced, pre-stressed concrete 
1.2–2.4 meters (4–8 ft) thick.
5.
The reactor building (the shield wall/missile shield) is also made of steel-reinforced, 
pre-stressed concrete 0.3 m to 1 m (1–3 feet) thick.
If every possible measure standing between safe operation and core damage fails, the 
containment can be sealed indefinitely, and it will prevent any substantial release of 
radiation to the environment from occurring in nearly any circumstance.
Varieties of containment/protection measures
As illustrated by the descriptions of the systems above, BWRs are quite divergent in 
design from PWRs. Unlike the PWR, which has generally followed a very predictable 
external containment design (the stereotypical dome atop a cylinder), BWR containments 
are varied in external form but their internal distinctiveness is extremely striking in 
comparison to the PWR. There are five major varieties of BWR containments:
•
The "pre-modern" containment (Generation I); spherical in shape, and featuring a 
steam drum separator, or an out-of-RPV steam separator, and a heat exchanger for low 
pressure steam, this containment is now obsolete, and is not used by any operative 
reactor.
•
the Mark I containment, consisting of a rectangular steel-reinforced concrete building, 
along with an additional layer of steel-reinforced concrete surrounding the steel-lined 
cylindrical drywell and the steel-lined pressure suppression torus below. The Mark I was 
the earliest type of containment in wide use, and many reactors with Mark Is are still in 
service today. There have been numerous safety upgrades made over the years to this 
type of containment, especially to provide for orderly reduction of containment load 
caused by pressure in a compounded limiting fault. The reactor building of the Mark I 
generally is in the form of a large rectangular cube of reinforced concrete.
•
the Mark II containment, similar to the Mark I, but omitting a distinct pressure 
suppression torus in favour of a cylindrical wetwell below the non-reactor cavity section 
of the drywell. Both the wetwell and the drywell have a primary containment structure 
of steel as in the Mark I, as well as the Mark I's layers of steel-reinforced concrete 
composing the secondary containment between the outer primary containment 
structure and the outer wall of the reactor building proper. The reactor building of the 
Mark II generally is in the form of a flat-topped cylinder.
•
the Mark III containment, generally similar in external shape to the stereotypical PWR, 
and with some similarities on the inside, at least on a superficial level. For example, 
rather than having a slab of concrete that staff could walk upon while the reactor was 
not being refuelled covering the top of the primary containment and the RPV directly 
underneath, the Mark III takes the BWR in a more PWRish direction by placing a water 
pool over this slab. Additional changes include abstracting the wetwell into a pressure-
suppression pool with a weir wall separating it from the drywell.
•
Advanced containments; the present models of BWR containments for the ABWR and 
the ESBWR are harkbacks to the classical Mark I/II style of being quite distinct from the 
PWR on the outside as well as the inside, though both reactors incorporate the Mark 
III-ish style of having non-safety-related buildings surrounding or attached to the 
reactor building, rather than being overtly distinct from it. These containments are also 
designed to take far more than previous containments were, providing advanced safety. 
In particular, GE regards these containments as being able to withstand a direct hit by 
a tornado of Old Fujitsa Scale 6 with winds of 330+ miles per hour. Such a tornado has 
never occurred. They are also designed to withstand seismic accelerations of .2 G, or 
nearly 2 meters per second in any direction.
Pressurised water reactors
As the cold war ended in 1991, newer nuclear power plants often have spherical design 
while pre-1991 reactors are often “can shaped” with a much more robust and massive 
missile shield.  
For a pressurised water reactor, the containment also encloses the steam generators and 
the pressuriser, and is the entire reactor building. The missile shield around it is typically a 
tall cylindrical or domed building designed to withstand a moderate missile attack.
A large, 4000-7000 kg barrack buster (WMD), should have no problem destroying the 
structure and the reactor inside. 
PWR containments are typically large (up to 10 times larger than a BWR) because the 
containment strategy during the leakage design basis accident entails providing adequate 
volume for the steam/air mixture that results from a loss-of-coolant-accident to expand 
into, limiting the ultimate pressure (driving force for leakage) reached in the containment 
building.
Early designs including Siemens, Westinghouse, and Combustion Engineering had a 
mostly can-like shape built with reinforced concrete. As concrete has a very good 
compression strength compared to tensile, this is a logical design for the building 
materials since the extremely heavy top part of containment exerts a large downward 
force that prevents some tensile stress if containment pressure were to suddenly go up. 
As reactor designs have evolved, many nearly spherical containment designs for PWRs 
have also been constructed. Depending on the material used, this is the most apparently 
logical design because a sphere is the best structure for simply containing a large 
pressure. Most current PWR designs involve some combination of the two, with a 
cylindrical lower part and a half-spherical top.
Modern designs have also shifted more towards using steel containment structures. In 
some cases steel is used to line the inside of the concrete, which contributes strength 
from both materials in the hypothetical case that containment becomes highly 
pressurized. Yet other newer designs call for both a steel and concrete containment, 
notably the AP1000 and the European Pressurized Reactor plan to use both, which gives 
missile protection by the outer concrete and pressurizing ability by the inner steel 
structure. The AP1000 has planned vents at the bottom of the concrete structure 
surrounding the steel structure under the logic that it would help move air over the steel 
structure and cool containment in the event of a major accident (in a similar way to how 
a cooling tower works).
If the outward pressure from steam in a limiting accident is the dominant force, 
containments tend towards a spherical design, whereas if weight of the structure is the 
dominant force, designs tend towards a can design. Modern designs tend towards a 
combination. In other words; 
“can” shaped containment buildings are much more effectively protected from explosive 
blasts than spherical designs which is often designed to prevent leakage accidents. 
Typical examples are:
-
Three Mile Island was an early PWR design by Babcock and Wilcox, and has a “can” 
containment design that is common to all of its generation
-
A more detailed image for the 'can' type containment from the French Brennilis Nuclear 
Power Plant
-
The twin PWR reactor containments at the Cook Nuclear Plant in Michigan
-
German plants exhibits a nearly completely spherical containment design, which is very 
common for German PWRs
-
Modern plants have tended towards a design that is not completely cylindrical or spherical, 
like the Clinton Nuclear Generating Station.
The Russian VVER design is mostly the same as Western PWRs in regards to 
containment, as it is a PWR itself.
Old RBMK designs, however, did not use containments, which was one of many technical 
oversights of the Soviet Union that contributed to the Chernobyl accident in 1986.
Boiling water reactors
In a BWR, the containment strategy is a bit different. A BWR's containment consists of a 
drywell where the reactor and associated cooling equipment is located and a wetwell. The 
drywell is much smaller than a PWR containment and plays a larger role. During the 
theoretical leakage design basis accident the reactor coolant flashes to steam in the 
drywell, pressurizing it rapidly. Vent pipes or tubes from the drywell direct the steam 
below the water level maintained in the wetwell (also known as a torus or suppression 
pool), condensing the steam, limiting the pressure ultimately reached. Both the drywell 
and the wetwell are enclosed by a secondary containment building, maintained at a slight 
sub-atmospheric or negative pressure during normal operation and refuelling operations. 
The containment designs are referred to by the names Mark I (oldest; drywell/torus), 
Mark II, and Mark III (newest). All three types house also use the large body of water in 
the suppression pools to quench steam released from the reactor system during 
transients.
From a distance, the BWR design looks very different from PWR designs because usually 
a square building is used for containment. Also, because there is only one loop through 
the turbines and reactor, and the steam going through the turbines is also slightly 
radioactive, the turbine building has to be considerably shielded as well:
This leads to two buildings of similar construction with the taller one housing the reactor 
and the short long one housing the turbine hall and supporting structures.
Typical examples are:
-
A representative one – Kernkraftwerk Krummel, unit German BWR has 
containment around both the turbine and reactor buildings
-
A typical two-unit BWR at the Brunswick Nuclear Generating Station
CANDU plants
CANDU power stations make use of a wider variety of containment designs and 
suppression systems than other plant designs. Due to the nature of the core design, the 
size of containment for the same power rating is often larger than for a typical PWR, but 
many innovations have reduced this requirement.
Many multiunit CANDU stations utilize a water spray equipped vacuum building. All 
individual Candu units on site are connected to this Vacuum building by a very large pipe 
and as a result require a small containment themselves. The Vacuum building rapidly 
condenses any steam from a postulated break, allowing the unit's pressure to return to 
subatmospheric conditions. This minimizes any possible fission product release to the 
environment.
Additionally, there have been similar designs that use double containment, in which 
containment from two units are connected allowing a larger containment volume in the 
case of any major incident. This has been pioneered by one Indian HWR design where a 
double unit and suppression pool was implemented.
The most recent Candu designs, however, call for a single conventional dry containment 
for each unit.
Typical examples are:
-
The Bruce A Generating Station, showing a large vacuum building serving 4 separate units 
that have a BWR-like shielding around them individually
-
The Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant is two-unit site where the containment system is 
autonomous for each unit
-
A single unit of the Pickering Nuclear Generating Station, showing a slightly different shape 
from a typical PWR containment, which is mostly due to the larger footprint required by the 
Candu design
Design and testing requirements
Title 10 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Part 50, Appendix A, General Design Criteria 
(GDC 54-57) or some other design basis provides the basic design criteria for isolation of 
lines penetrating the containment wall. Each large pipe penetrating the containment, 
such as the steam lines, has isolation valves on it, configured as allowed by Appendix A; 
generally two valves. For smaller lines, one on the inside and one on the outside. For 
large, high-pressure lines, space for relief valves and maintenance considerations cause 
the designers to install the isolation valves near to where the lines exit containment. In 
the event of a leak in the high-pressure piping that carries the reactor coolant, these 
valves rapidly close to prevent radioactivity from escaping the containment. Valves on 
lines for standby systems penetrating containment are normally closed. The containment 
isolation valves may also close on a variety of other signals such as the containment high 
pressure experienced during a high-energy line break (e.g. main steam or feedwater 
lines). The containment building serves to contain the steam/resultant pressure, but 
there is typically no radiological consequences associated with such a break at a 
pressurized water reactor.
During normal operation, the containment is air-tight and access is only through marine 
style airlocks. High air temperature and radiation from the core limit the time, measured 
in minutes, people can spend inside containment while the plant is operating at full 
power. In the event of a worst-case emergency, called a "design basis accident" in NRC 
regulations, the containment is designed to seal off and contain a meltdown. Redundant 
systems are installed to prevent a meltdown, but as a matter of policy, one is assumed to 
occur and thus the requirement for a containment building. For design purposes, the 
reactor vessel's piping is assumed to be breached, causing a "LOCA" (loss Of coolant 
accident) where the water in the reactor vessel is released to the atmosphere inside the 
containment and flashes into steam. The resulting pressure increase inside the 
containment, which is designed to withstand the pressure, triggers containment sprays 
("dousing sprays") to turn on to condense the steam and thus reduce the pressure. A 
SCRAM ("neutronic trip") initiates very shortly after the break occurs. The safety systems 
close non-essential lines into the air-tight containment by shutting the isolation valves. 
Emergency Core Cooling Systems are quickly turned on to cool the fuel and prevent it 
from melting. The exact sequence of events depends on the reactor design.
Containment buildings in the US are subjected to mandatory testing of the containment 
and containment isolation provisions under 10 CFR Part 50, Appendix J. Containment 
Integrated Leakage Rate Tests (Type "A" tests or CILRTs) are performed on a 15 year 
basis. Local Leakage Rate Tests (Type B or Type C testing, or LLRTs) are performed much 
more frequently both to identify the possible leakage in an accident and to locate and fix 
leakage paths. LLRTs are performed on containment isolation valves, hatches and other 
appurtenances penetrating the containment. A nuclear plant is required by its operating 
license to prove containment integrity prior to restarting the reactor after each shutdown. 
The requirement can be met with satisfactory local or integrated test results (or a 
combination of both when an ILRT is performed).
In 1988, Sandia National Laboratories conducted a test of slamming a jet fighter into a 
large concrete block at 481 miles per hour (775 km/h). The airplane left only a 2.5-inch 
deep gouge in the concrete. Although the block was constructed like a containment building 
missile shield, it was not anchored, etc., the results were considered indicative. A 
subsequent study by EPRI, the Electric Power Research Institute, concluded that air planes, 
even commercial airliners did not pose a danger as long as they didn’t carry an explosive 
WMD. 
The Turkey Point Nuclear Generating Station was hit directly by Hurricane Andrew in 1992. 
Turkey Point has two fossil fuel units and two nuclear units. Over $90 million of damage 
was done, largely to a water tank and to a smokestack of one of the fossil-fuelled units on-
site, but the containment buildings were undamaged.
Reactor Protective System
A Reactor Protective System (RPS) is a set of nuclear safety components in a nuclear 
power plant designed to safely shutdown the reactor and prevent the release of 
radioactive materials. The System can "trip" automatically (initiating a Scram), or it can 
be tripped by the operators. Trips occurs when the parameters meet or exceed the limit 
setpoint. A trip of the RPS results in full insertion (by gravity in pressurized water 
reactors or high-speed injection in boiling water reactors) of all control rods and 
shutdown of the reactor.
There are different RPS system and procedures for 1. Pressurized water reactors
and 2 Boiling water reactors (BWR).
There are several RPS systems for the BWR:
1. Emergency Core Cooling System (ECCS)
•
High Pressure Coolant Injection System (HPCI)
•
Reactor Core Isolation Cooling System (RCIC)
•
Automatic Depressurization System (ADS)
•
Low Pressure Core Spray System (LPCS)
•
Low Pressure Coolant Injection System (LPCI)
•
Depressurization Valve System (DPVS)/Passive Containment Cooling System 
(PCCS)/Gravity Driven Cooling System (GDCS)
2. Standby Liquid Control System (SLCS)
The safety systems in action: the Design Basis Accident
The Design Basis Accident (DBA) for a nuclear power plant is the most severe possible 
single accident that the designers of the plant and the regulatory authorities could 
imagine. It is, also, by definition, the accident the safety systems of the reactor are 
designed to respond to successfully, even if it occurs when the reactor is in its most 
vulnerable state. The DBA for the BWR consists of the total rupture of a large coolant 
pipe in the location that is considered to place the reactor in the most danger of harm—
specifically, for older BWRs (BWR/1-BWR/6), the DBA consists of a "guillotine break" in 
the coolant loop of one of the recirculation jet pumps, which is substantially below the 
core waterline (LBLOCA, large break loss of coolant accident) combined with loss of 
feedwater to make up for the water boiled in the reactor (LOFW, loss of proper 
feedwater), combined with a simultaneous collapse of the regional power grid, resulting 
in a loss of power to certain reactor emergency systems (LOOP, loss of offsite power). 
The BWR is designed to shrug this accident off without core damage.
The description of this accident is applicable for the BWR/4, which is the oldest model of 
BWR in common service.
The immediate result of such a break (call it time T+0) would be a pressurized stream of 
water well above the boiling point shooting out of the broken pipe into the drywell, which 
is at atmospheric pressure. As this water stream flashes into steam, due to the decrease 
in pressure and that it is above the water boiling point at normal atmospheric pressure, 
the pressure sensors within the drywell will report a pressure increase anomaly within it 
to the Reactor Protection System at latest T+0.3. The RPS will interpret this pressure 
increase signal, correctly, as the sign of a break in a pipe within the drywell. As a result, 
the RPS immediately initiates a full SCRAM, closes the Main Steam Isolation Valve 
(isolating the containment building), trips the turbines, attempts to begin the spinup of 
RCIC and HPCI, using residual steam, and starts the diesel pumps for LPCI and CS.
Now let us assume that the power outage hits at T+0.5. The RPS is on a float 
uninterruptable power supply, so it continues to function; its sensors, however, are not, 
and thus the RPS assumes that they are all detecting emergency conditions. Within less 
than a second from power outage, auxiliary batteries and compressed air supplies are 
starting the Emergency Diesel Generators. Power will be restored by T+25 seconds.
Let us return to the reactor core. Due to the closure of the MSIV (complete by T+2), a 
wave of backpressure will hit the rapidly depressurizing RPV but this is immaterial, as the 
depressurization due to the recirculation line break is so rapid and complete that no 
steam voids will probably flash to water. HPCI and RCIC will fail due to loss of steam 
pressure in the general depressurization, but this is again immaterial, as the 2,000 L/min 
(600 US gal/min) flow rate of RCIC available after T+5 is insufficient to maintain the 
water level; nor would the 19,000 L/min (5,000 US gal/min) flow of HPCI, available at 
T+10, be enough to maintain the water level, if it could work without steam. At T+10, 
the temperature of the reactor core, at approximately 285 °C (550 °F) at and before this 
point, begins to rise as enough coolant has been lost from the core that voids begin to 
form in the coolant between the fuel rods and they begin to heat rapidly. By T+12 
seconds from the accident start, fuel rod uncovery begins. At approximately T+18 areas 
in the rods have reached 540 °C (1000 °F). Some relief comes at T+20 or so, as the 
negative temperature coefficient and the negative void coefficient slows the rate of 
temperature increase. T+25 sees power restored; however, LPCI and CS will not be 
online until T+40.
At T+40, core temperature is at 650 °C (1200 °F) and rising steadily; CS and LPCI kick in 
and begins deluging the steam above the core, and then the core itself. First, a large 
amount of steam still trapped above and within the core has to be knocked down first, or 
the water will be flashed to steam prior to it hitting the rods. This happens after a few 
seconds, as the approximately 200,000 L/min (3,300 L/s, 52,500 US gal/min, 875 US 
gal/s) of water these systems release begin to cool first the top of the core, with LPCI 
deluging the fuel rods, and CS suppressing the generated steam until at approximately 
T+100 seconds, all of the fuel is now subject to deluge and the last remaining hot-spots 
at the bottom of the core are now being cooled. The peak temperature that was attained 
was 900 °C (1650 °F) (well below the maximum of 1200 °C (2200 °F) established by the 
NRC) at the bottom of the core, which was the last hot spot to be affected by the water 
deluge.
The core is cooled rapidly and completely, and following cooling to a reasonable 
temperature, below that consistent with the generation of steam, CS is shut down and 
LPCI is decreased in volume to a level consistent with maintenance of a steady-state 
temperature among the fuel rods, which will drop over a period of days due to the 
decrease in fission-product decay heat within the core.
After a few days of LPCI, decay heat will have sufficiently abated to the point that 
defueling of the reactor is able to commence with a degree of caution. Following 
defueling, LPCI can be shut down. A long period of physical repairs will be necessary to 
repair the broken recirculation loop; overhaul the ECCS; diesel pumps; and diesel 
generators; drain the drywell; fully inspect all reactor systems, bring non-conformal 
systems up to spec, replace old and worn parts, etc. At the same time, different 
personnel from the licensee working hand in hand with the NRC will evaluate what the 
immediate cause of the break was; search for what event led to the immediate cause of 
the break (the root causes of the accident); and then to analyze the root causes and take 
corrective actions based on the root causes and immediate causes discovered. This is 
followed by a period to generally reflect and post-mortem the accident, discuss what 
procedures worked, what procedures didn't, and if it all happened again, what could have 
been done better, and what could be done to ensure it doesn't happen again; and to 
record lessons learned to propagate them to other BWR licensees. When this is 
accomplished, the reactor can be refueled, resume operations, and begin producing 
power once more.
The ABWR and ESBWR, the most recent models of the BWR, are not vulnerable to 
anything like this incident in the first place, as they have no liquid penetrations (pipes) 
lower than several feet above the waterline of the core, and thus, the reactor pressure 
vessel holds in water much like a deep swimming pool in the event of a feedwater line 
break or a steam line break. The BWR 5s and 6s have additional tolerance, deeper water 
levels, and much faster emergency system reaction times. Fuel rod uncovery will briefly 
take place, but maximum temperature will only reach 600 °C (1,100 °F), far below the 
NRC safety limit.
It must be noted that no incident even approaching the DBA or even a LBLOCA in 
severity has ever occurred with a BWR. There have been minor incidents involving the 
ECCS, but in these circumstances it has performed at or beyond expectations. The most 
severe incident that ever occurred with a BWR was in 1975 due to a fire caused by 
extremely flammable urethane foam installed in the place of fireproofing materials at the 
Browns Ferry Nuclear Power Plant; for a short time, the control room's monitoring 
equipment was cut off from the reactor, but the reactor shut down successfully, and, as 
of 2009, is still producing power for the Tennessee Valley Authority, having sustained no 
damage to systems within the containment. The fire had nothing to do with the design of 
the BWR - it could have occurred in any power plant, and the lessons learned from that 
incident resulted in the creation of a separate backup control station, 
compartmentalization of the power plant into fire zones and clearly documented sets of 
equipment which would be available to shut down the reactor plant and maintain it in a 
safe condition in the event of a worst case fire in any one fire zone. These changes were 
retrofitted into every existing US and most Western nuclear power plants and built in to 
new plants from that point forth.
Further studies
I have not been able to research all aspects regarding what potential effects the 
activation of the Reactor Protective System will have in case of an attack, a single source 
blast destroying the reactor.  
What will happen if the plant workers manage to activate the RPS system and 
successfully shut the reactor down before it is destroyed? Will it severely hinder the 
potential damage caused (leakage)? What is the effect of a blast that destroys an on-line 
reactor vs. an off-line reactor?
See more information about various nuclear reactors:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_reactor
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Containment_building
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boiling_water_reactor
Consequences of a nuclear power plant assault
Radioactive contamination
Radioactive contamination, also called radiological contamination, is the uncontrolled 
distribution of radioactive material in a given environment.
Surface contamination
Surface contamination is usually expressed in units of radioactivity per unit of area. For 
SI, this is becquerels per square meter (or Bq/m²). Surface contamination may either be 
fixed or removable. In the case of fixed contamination, the radioactive material cannot by 
definition be spread, but it is still measurable.
In practice there is no such thing as zero radioactivity. Not only is the entire world 
constantly bombarded by cosmic rays, but every living creature on earth contains 
significant quantities of carbon-14 and most (including humans) contain significant 
quantities of potassium-40. These tiny levels of radiation are not any more harmful than 
sunlight, but just as excessive quantities of sunlight can be dangerous, so too can 
excessive levels of radiation.
Low level contamination
The hazards to people and the environment from radioactive contamination depend on 
the nature of the radioactive contaminant, the level of contamination, and the extent of 
the spread of contamination. Low levels of radioactive contamination pose little risk, but 
can still be detected by radiation instrumentation. In the case of low-level contamination 
by isotopes with a short half-life, the best course of action may be to simply allow the 
material to naturally decay. Longer-lived isotopes should be cleaned up and properly 
disposed of, because even a very low level of radiation can be life-threatening when in 
long exposure to it.
High level contamination
High levels of contamination may pose major risks to people and the environment. 
People can be exposed to potentially lethal radiation levels, both externally and internally, 
from the spread of contamination following an accident (or a deliberate initiation) 
involving large quantities of radioactive material.
Radioactive iodine is a common fission product; it was a major component of the 
radiation released from the Chernobyl disaster, leading to nine fatal cases of pediatric 
thyroid cancer and hypothyroidism.
Ionizing radiation
The biological effects of radiation are thought of in terms of their effects on living cells. 
For low levels of radiation, the biological effects are so small they may not be detected in 
epidemiological studies. The body repairs many types of radiation and chemical damage. 
Biological effects of radiation on living cells may result in a variety of outcomes, 
including:
•
Cells experience DNA damage and are able to detect and repair the damage.
•
Cells experience DNA damage and are unable to repair the damage. These cells may go 
through the process of programmed cell death, or apoptosis, thus eliminating the potential 
genetic damage from the larger tissue.
•
Cells experience a nonlethal DNA mutation that is passed on to subsequent cell divisions. 
This mutation may contribute to the formation of a cancer.
•
Cells experience "Irreparable DNA Damage." Low level ionizing radiation may induce 
"Irreparable DNA damage" (leading to replicational and transcriptional errors needed for 
neoplasia or may trigger viral interactions) leading to pre-mature aging and cancer.
Understanding radiation
Radioactive decay/half life
It is estimated that 90% of the current exclusion zone can be utilized again within 200 
years due to the constant radioactive decay. Radioactive decay is the process in which an 
unstable atomic nucleus spontaneously loses energy by emitting ionizing particles and 
radiation. This decay, or loss of energy, results in an atom of one type, called the parent 
nuclide transforming to an atom of a different type, named the daughter nuclide. For 
example: a carbon-14 atom (the "parent") emits radiation and transforms to a nitrogen-
14 atom (the "daughter"). This is a stochastic process on the atomic level, in that it is 
impossible to predict when a given atom will decay, but given a large number of similar 
atoms the decay rate, on average, is predictable.
A more commonly used parameter is the half-life. Given a sample of a particular 
radionuclide, the half-life is the time taken for half the radionuclide's atoms to decay.
Means of contamination
Radioactive contamination can enter the body through ingestion, inhalation, absorption, 
or injection. For this reason, it is important to use personal protective equipment when 
working with radioactive materials. Radioactive contamination may also be ingested as 
the result of eating contaminated plants and animals or drinking contaminated water or 
milk from exposed animals. Following a major contamination incident, all potential 
pathways of internal exposure should be considered.
Long term effects - radiation levels
Ionizing radiation includes both particle radiation and high energy electromagnetic 
radiation.
The associations between ionizing radiation exposure and the development of cancer are 
mostly based on populations exposed to relatively high levels of ionizing radiation, such 
as Japanese atomic bomb survivors, and recipients of selected diagnostic or therapeutic 
medical procedures.
Cancers associated with high dose exposure include leukemia, thyroid, breast, bladder, 
colon, liver, lung, esophagus, ovarian, multiple myeloma, and stomach cancers.
It is also suggested a possible association between ionizing radiation exposure and 
prostate, nasal cavity/sinuses, pharyngeal and laryngeal, and pancreatic cancer.
The period of time between radiation exposure and the detection of cancer is known as 
the latent period. Those cancers that may develop as a result of radiation exposure are 
indistinguishable from those that occur naturally or as a result of exposure to other 
chemical carcinogens.
Although radiation may cause cancer at high doses and high dose rates, public health 
data regarding lower levels of exposure, below about 1,000 mrem (10 mSv), are harder 
to interpret. To assess the health impacts of lower radiation doses, researchers rely on 
models of the process by which radiation causes cancer; several models have emerged 
which predict differing levels of risk.
Limiting exposure
There are four standard ways to limit exposure:
Time: For people who are exposed to radiation in addition to natural background 
radiation, limiting or minimizing the exposure time will reduce the dose from the 
radiation source.
Distance: Radiation intensity decreases sharply with distance, according to an inverse 
square law. Air attenuates alpha and beta radiation.
Shielding: Barriers of lead, concrete, or water give effective protection from radiation 
formed of energetic particles such as gamma rays and neutrons. Some radioactive 
materials are stored or handled underwater or by remote control in rooms constructed of 
thick concrete or lined with lead. There are special plastic shields which stop beta 
particles and air will stop alpha particles. The effectiveness of a material in shielding 
radiation is determined by its halve value thicknesses, the thickness of material that 
reduces the radiation by half. This value is a function of the material itself and the energy 
and type of ionizing radiation.
Containment: Radioactive materials are confined in the smallest possible space and kept 
out of the environment. Radioactive isotopes for medical use, for example, are dispensed 
in closed handling facilities, while nuclear reactors operate within closed systems with 
multiple barriers which keep the radioactive materials contained. Rooms have a reduced 
air pressure so that any leaks occur into the room and not out of it.
In a nuclear war, an effective fallout shelter reduces human exposure at least 1,000 
times. Other civil defence measures can help reduce exposure of populations by reducing 
ingestion of isotopes and occupational exposure during war time. One of these available 
measures could be the use of potassium iodide (KI) tablets which effectively block the 
uptake of radioactive iodine into the human thyroid gland.
The Chernobyl attack (accident)
Two widely studied instances of large-scale exposure to high doses of ionizing radiation 
are: atomic bomb survivors in 1945; and emergency workers responding to the 1986 
Chernobyl attack.
Longer term effects of the Chernobyl attack have also been studied. There is a clear link 
(see the UNSCEAR 2000 Report, Volume 2: Effects) between the Chernobyl attack and 
the unusually large number, approximately 1,800, of thyroid cancers reported in 
contaminated areas, mostly in children. These were fatal in some cases. Other health 
effects of the Chernobyl attack are subject to current debate.
The attack resulted in a severe release of radioactivity following a massive power 
excursion that destroyed the reactor. Most fatalities from the attack were caused by 
radiation poisoning.
Further explosions and the resulting fire sent a plume of highly radioactive fallout into the 
atmosphere and over an extensive geographical area, including the nearby town of 
Pripyat. Four hundred times more fallout was released than had been by the atomic 
bombing of Hiroshima.
The plume drifted over large parts of the western Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, Western 
Europe, and Northern Europe. Rain contaminated with radioactive material fell as far 
away as Ireland. Large areas in Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia were badly contaminated, 
resulting in the evacuation and resettlement of over 336,000 people. According to official 
post-Soviet data, about 60% of the radioactive fallout landed in Belarus.
The countries of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus have been burdened with the continuing 
and substantial decontamination and health care costs of the Chernobyl accident. It is 
difficult to accurately quantify the number of deaths caused by the events at Chernobyl, 
as over time it becomes harder to determine whether a death has been caused by 
exposure to radiation.
The attack
On 26 April 1986 at 1:23 a.m., reactor 4 suffered a massive, catastrophic power 
excursion due to “human error”. This caused a steam explosion, followed by a second 
(chemical, not nuclear) explosion from the ignition of generated hydrogen mixed with air, 
which tore the top from the reactor and its building and exposed the reactor core. This 
dispersed large amounts of radioactive particulate and gaseous debris containing fission 
products including cesium-137, strontium-90, and other highly radioactive reactor waste 
products. The open core also allowed atmospheric oxygen to contact the super-hot core 
containing 1,700 tonnes of combustible graphite moderator. The burning graphite 
moderator increased the emission of radioactive particles, carried by the smoke. The 
reactor was not contained by any kind of hard containment vessel (unlike all Western 
plants, Soviet reactors often did not have them). Radioactive particles were carried by 
wind across international borders.
Slow evacuation
The nearby city of Pripyat wasn’t fully evacuated until a week after the disaster.  
Only after radiation levels set off alarms at the Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant in Sweden 
did the Soviet Union admit that an attack had occurred, but authorities attempted to 
conceal the scale of the disaster. To evacuate the city of Pripyat, the following warning 
message was reported on local radio: "An accident has occurred at the Chernobyl Nuclear 
Power Plant. One of the atomic reactors has been damaged. Aid will be given to those 
affected and a committee of government inquiry has been set up." This message gave 
the false impression that any damage or radiation was localized.
Exclusion zone
There is a 30 km Exclusion Zone around Chernobyl where officially nobody is allowed to 
live, but people do.
It is estimated that the land can be utilized for industrial purpose within 60 – 100 years 
and it can eventually be utilized for farming or any other type of agricultural industry 
within 200 years. 
The Exclusion Zone is now so lush with wildlife and greenery that the Ukrainian 
government designated it a wildlife sanctuary in 2007, and at 488.7 km2 it is one of the 
largest wildlife sanctuaries in Europe.
According to a 2005 U.N. report, wildlife has returned despite radiation levels that are 
presently 10 to 100 times higher than normal background radiation. Although they were 
significantly higher soon after the attack, the levels have fallen because of radioactive 
decay.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chernobyl_accident
Target countries with operational reactors
Austria
Construction on the Zwentendorf Nuclear plant finished in 1978, however a referendum 
was passed that did not allow startup. Nuclear power is illegal.
Belguim
Power station reactors
•
Nuclear Plant Doel - 4x PWR reactors, total power of 2839 MWe
•
Nuclear Plant Tihange - 3x PWR reactors, total power of 2985 MWe
The Doel Nuclear Power Station is one of the two nuclear power plants in Belgium. The 
plant lies on the bank of the Scheldt, near the village of Doel in the Flemish province of 
East Flanders. The Belgian energy corporation Electrabel is the plant's largest 
stakeholder. The plant employs 800 workers and covers an area of 80 hectares.
The plant consists of four second-generation pressurised water reactors with a total 
capacity of 2839 MWe, making it the second largest nuclear power plant in Belgium, after 
Nuclear Plant Tihange. Its four units are rated as follows:
•
Doel 1 : 392 MWe
•
Doel 2 : 433 MWe
•
Doel 3 : 1006 MWe
•
Doel 4 : 1008 MWe
The Tihange Nuclear Power Station, along with Doel Nuclear Power Station, is one of the 
two large-scale nuclear power plants in Belgium. It is located on the right bank of the 
Meuse River in the Belgian deelgemeente of Tihange, part of Huy municipality in the 
Walloonian province of Liège. The primary stakeholder in the plant is the Belgian energy 
company Electrabel.
The plant has three pressurised water reactors, with a total capacity of 2985 MWe and 
makes up 52% of the total Belgian nuclear generating capacity.[1] Its units are rated as 
follows:
•
Tihange 1: 962 MWe
•
Tihange 2: 1008 MWe
•
Tihange 3: 1015 MWe
Research Reactors
•
Mol (BR-1) - Research reactor
•
Mol (BR-2) - Research reactor
•
Mol (BR-3) - PWR reactor (shut down)
Denmark
Research Reactors
•
Risø - DR-3 DIDO class experimental reactor (shut down permanently in 2000)
•
Risø - DR-2 experimental reactor (shut down in 1975)
•
Risø - DR-1 experimental reactor (shut down permanently in 2001)
Finland
Power station reactors
•
Loviisa Nuclear Power Plant – 2 × 488 MWe - VVER reactors
•
Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant - 2 × 860 MWe - BWR reactors, under construction: 1 × 1650 
MWe - EPR (expected in 2012)
Research reactor:
•
Espoo - TRIGA Mark II, State Institute for Technical Research (installed 1962)
Total 4 currently operating commercial reactors, further one under construction: the first 
European Pressurised Reactor facility at Olkiluoto, 
France
Power station reactors
•
Belleville Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1310 MWe PWR reactors
•
Blayais Nuclear Power Plant - 4 910 MWe PWR reactors
•
Bugey Nuclear Power Plant - 4 PWR reactors: 2 at 910 MWe, 2 at 880 MWe
•
Cattenom Nuclear Power Plant - 4 1300 MWe PWR reactors
•
Chinon Nuclear Power Plant - 4 905 MWe PWR reactors
•
Chooz Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1500 MWe PWR reactors
•
Civaux Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1495 MWe PWR reactors
•
Cruas Nuclear Power Plant - 4 reactors: 2 at 880 MWe, 2 at 915 MWe
•
Dampierre Nuclear Power Plant - 4 890 MWe PWR reactors
•
Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant - 2 880 MWe PWR reactors - oldest operating commercial 
PWR reactors in France
•
Flamanville Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1330 MWe PWR reactors
•
Golfech Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1310 MWe PWR reactors
•
Gravelines Nuclear Power Plant - 6 910 MWe PWR reactors
•
Nogent Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1310 MWe PWR reactors
•
Paluel Nuclear Power Plant - 4 1330 MWe PWR reactors
•
Penly Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1330 MWe PWR reactors
•
Phénix Nuclear Power Plant - 1 233 MWe FBR reactor
•
Saint-Alban Nuclear Power Plant - 2 1335 MWe PWR reactors
•
Saint-Laurent Nuclear Power Plant - 2 PWR reactors: 1 at 880 MWe, 1 at 915 MWe
•
Tricastin Nuclear Power Center - 4 915 MWe PWR reactors
Under construction - 1 total
•
Flamanville - 1 1630 MWe PWR reactor - EDF is building the second EPR reactor there.
Under planning - 1 total
•
Penly - 1 1630 MWe PWR reactor - EDF is planning a EPR reactor there.
Decommissioned Power Reactors - 12 total
•
Bugey - 1 540 MWe GCR reactor
•
Chinon - 3 GCR reactors
•
Chooz-A - 1 310 MWe PWR reactor - reactor managed by SENA (Société d'énergie nucléaire 
franco-belge des Ardennes).
•
Marcoule - 3 38 MWe GCR reactors
•
Brennilis - 1 70 MWe reactor - EL-49, heavy water reactor, only one of its kind in France, in 
Brittany
•
Saint Laurent des Eaux - 2 GCR reactors
•
Superphénix, Creys-Malville - 1 1200 MWe FBR reactor
Cancelled
•
Le Carnet
•
Plogoff
•
Thermos, a 50-100 MW reactor for the urban heating of Grenoble
Research reactors
•
Institut Laue-Langevin, currently the world's most intense reactor source of neutrons for 
science
•
Rhapsodie
•
Zoe, first French reactor (1948)
Germany
Power station reactors
•
Biblis Nuclear Power Plant - Biblis-A and Biblis-B
•
Brokdorf Nuclear Power Plant
•
Brunsbüttel Nuclear Power Plant
•
Emsland Nuclear Power Plant
•
Grafenrheinfeld Nuclear Power Plant
•
Grohnde Nuclear Power Plant
•
Gundremmingen Nuclear Power Plant - Gundremmingen-B and Grundremmingen-C, A is 
defunct
•
Nuclear Power Plant Landshut Isar I + Isar II
•
Krümmel Nuclear Power Plant
•
Neckarwestheim Nuclear Power Plant
•
Philippsburg Nuclear Power Plant Block A and Block B
•
Unterweser Nuclear Power Plant
Research Reactors
•
BER II (Berliner-Experimentier-Reaktor II, Hahn-Meitner-Institut Berlin; rating: 10 MW, 
commissioned 1990)
•
FRG-1 (GKSS Research Center Geesthacht; rating: 5 MW, commissioned 1958)
•
FRM II (Technische Universität München; Leistung: 20 MW, commissioned 2004)
•
FRMZ (TRIGA of the University of Mainz, institute of nuclear chemistry; continuous rating: 
0.10 MW, pulse rating for 30ms: 250 MW; commissioned 1965)
Shut Down
•
Research nuclear plants in Jülich and Karlsruhe
•
Greifswald Nuclear Power Plant located in the former GDR. Shut down in 1990 (Greifswald-
1 to Greifswald-4, and the unfinished Greifswald-5 reactor),Type: WWER-440
•
Gundremmingen-A (shut down 1977)
•
Hamm-Uentrop,THTR 300, shut down in 1988
•
Lingen, shut down in 1977
•
Mülheim-Kärlich Nuclear Power Plant, completed, operated briefly and then shut down in 
1988 because of potential hazards
•
Niederaichbach, shut down in 1974
•
Obrigheim, shut down in May 2005
•
Rheinsberg, shut down in 1990, Type: WWER-70
•
Stade, shut down in 2003
•
Würgassen, shut down in 1994
•
Kalkar, never finished
•
Wyhl, famous planned nuclear plant that was never built because of long-time resistance by 
the local population and environmentalists.
•
Kahl Nuclear Power Plant
Greece
GRR-1 - 5 MW research reactor at Demokritos National Centre for Scientific Research, 
Athens. The reactor was upgraded a few years ago to 10 MW.
Italy
Phased out nuclear power after Chernobyl; no reactors operating right now, but 
considering 10 new reactors
Power station reactors (phased out)
•
Garigliano - BWR, 1 unit of 150 MWe, 1964-1982.
•
Latina - Magnox, 1 unit of 160 MWe, 1963-1987.
•
Caorso - BWR shut down following Italian referendum on nuclear power.
•
Trino Vercellese - shut down following Italian referendum on nuclear power.
•
Alto Lazio - 1964-1982.
Research reactors
•
Pavia - TRIGA Mark II, University of Pavia Mark II (installed 1965)
•
Rome - TRIGA Mark II, ENEA Casaccia Research Center (installed 1960)
Netherlands
Power station reactors
•
Borssele nuclear power plant - 481 MWe PWR
•
Dodewaard nuclear power plant - 58 MWe BWR (shut down 1997)
Research reactors
•
Delft, Reactor Institute Delft, part of the Delft University of Technology
•
Petten nuclear reactor in Petten
•
Biologische Agrarische Reactor Nederland, part of the Wageningen University, shutdown in 
1980
•
Athena, at the Eindhoven University of Technology, shut down
•
Kema Suspensie Test Reactor, test reactor at KEMA, Arnhem, disassembled
Norway
Research reactors
•
Kjeller reactors
          o NORA (activated 1961, shut down 1967)
          o JEEP I (activated 1951, shut down 1967)
          o JEEP II (activated 1966)
•
Halden reactor
          o HBWR - Halden boiling water reactor (activated 1959)
Portugal
•
Portuguese Research Reactor - 1 MWt pool type, Instituto Tecnológico e Nuclear
Spain
Power station reactors
•
Almaraz Nuclear Power Plant
          o Almaraz-1 - 1032 MWe
          o Almaraz-2 - 1027 MWe
•
Ascó Nuclear Power Plant
          o Ascó-1 - 930 MWe
          o Ascó-2 - 930 MWe
•
Central nuclear José Cabrera (Zorita) (shut down 04-30-2006)
•
Cofrentes Nuclear Power Plant - 994 MWe
•
Santa María de Garoña Nuclear Power Plant - 460 MWe
•
Trillo Nuclear Power Plant - 1.066 MWe
•
Vandellòs Nuclear Power Plant Tarragona
          o Vandellòs-1 UNGG (shut down after fire, 1989)
          o Vandellòs-2 - 1080 MWe PWR
Research reactors
•
Argos 10 kW Argonaut reactor - Polytechnic University of Catalonia, Barcelona (shut down 
1992)
•
CORAL-I reactor
Sweden
Power station reactors
•
Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant (operational)
•
Ringhals Nuclear Power Plant (operational)
•
Oskarshamn Nuclear Power Plant (operational)
•
Barsebäck Nuclear Power Plant (shut down)
Power station reactors
Power Station
Type
Net MWe
Est closure
Barsebäck 1
BWR
630
Shut down
Barsebäck 2
BWR
630
Shut down
Forsmark 1
BWR
1018
Operational
Forsmark 2
BWR
960
Operational
Forsmark 3
BWR
1230
Operational
Oskarshamn 1
BWR
500
Operational
Oskarshamn 2
BWR
630
Operational
Oskarshamn 3
BWR
1200
Operational
Ringhals 1
BWR
860
Operational
Ringhals 2
BWR
870
Operational
Ringhals 3
BWR
920
Operational
Ringhals 4
BWR
910
Operational
Research reactors
R1, KTH, Stockholm – Research - 1 MW - 1954–1970 - dismantled
R2, Studsvik - Research - 50 MW - 1960–2005 - shut down
R2-0, Studsvik – Research - 1 MW - 1960–2005 - shut down
Ågestaverket (R3),
Farsta, Sthl - Heating - 80 MW - 1963–1973 - shut down
Marviken (R4), Marviken, Norrköping Research, abandoned in 1970
FR-0, Studsvik, Research, zero-power fast reactor 
low - 1964–1971 - dismantled
Sweden has ten commercial reactors at three different locations (Forsmark, Ringhals and 
Oskarshamn). There are no longer any plans to phase out nuclear power in Sweden. The 
current centre-right government wants to make it possible to replace the current rectors 
in the future. If the leftwing parties win the elections in September 2010, it will however 
not accept new reactors replacing the current ones, but the reactors will not shut down 
either.
The ten reactors produce about 45% of the country's electricity. The nation's largest 
power station, Ringhals Nuclear Power Plant, has four reactors and generates about a 
fifth of Sweden's annual electricity consumption.
Sweden used to have a nuclear phase-out policy, aiming to end nuclear power generation 
in Sweden by 2010. On 5 February 2009, the Swedish Government announced an 
agreement allowing for the replacement of existing reactors, effectively ending the 
phase-out policy.
Switzerland
Power station reactors
•
Beznau Nuclear Power Plant - 2 identical PWR power reactors. Commissioned in 1969 and 
1970. 
•
Goesgen Nuclear Power Plant - PWR power reactor, commissioned 1979. 
•
Leibstadt Nuclear Power Plant - BWR power reactor, commissioned 1984. 
•
Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant - BWR power reactor, commissioned 1970. 
Research reactors
•
SAPHIR - Pool reactor. First criticality: April 30, 1957. Shut down: End of 1993. Paul 
Scherrer Institut
•
DIORIT - HW cooled and moderatred. First criticality: April 15, 1960. Shut down: 1977. 
Paul Scherrer Institut
•
Proteus - Null-power reconfigurable reactor (graphite moderator/reflector). In operation. 
Paul Scherrer Institut
•
Lucens - Prototype power reactor (GCHWR) 30 MWth/6 MWe. Shut down in 1969 after 
accident. Site decommissioned.
•
CROCUS - Null-power light water reactor. In operation. École polytechnique fédérale de 
Lausanne
United Kingdom
Nuclear Power in the United Kingdom generates a fifth of the country's electricity 
(19.26% in 2004). The Nuclear Installations Inspectorate oversee all nuclear power 
installations and, as of 2006, the United Kingdom operates 24 nuclear reactors. The 
country also uses nuclear reprocessing plants, such as Sellafield.
A number of stations have been closed, and others are scheduled to follow. The two 
remaining Magnox nuclear stations and four of the seven AGR nuclear stations are 
currently planned to be closed by 2015. This is a cause behind the UK's forecast 'energy 
gap', though secondary to the reduction in coal generating capacity. However the oldest 
AGR nuclear power station was recently life-extended by ten years, and it is likely many 
of the others can be life-extended, significantly reducing the energy gap.
All UK nuclear installations in the UK are overseen by the Nuclear Installations 
Inspectorate.
Although the Government of the United Kingdom has recently given the go-ahead for a 
new generation of nuclear power stations to be built, the Scottish Government, with the 
backing of the Scottish Parliament, has made clear that Scotland will have no new 
nuclear power stations and is aiming instead for a non-nuclear future. As of 2007, there 
have been some significant developments towards nuclear fusion being implemented to 
solve the predicted energy crisis, most significantly and recently the drawing-up of plans 
to build one fusion power station, that will 'supply power to the National Grid within 20 
years.' The JET facility at Culham, Oxfordshire indicates that Britain has both the industry 
and workforce for nuclear fusion.
In January 2009, British Energy was bought for approximately £12 billion by EDF Energy 
(a subsidiary of Electricite de France (EdF) SA)
Operating nuclear power stations
Power Station
Type
Net MWe
Est closure
Oldbury
Magnox
434
2010
Wylfa
Magnox
980
2012
Dungeness B
AGR
1110
2018
Hinkley Point B
AGR
1220
2016
Hunterston B
AGR
1190
2016
Hartlepool
AGR
1210
2014
Heysham 1
AGR
1150
2014
Heysham 2
AGR
1250
2023
Torness
AGR
1250
2023
Sizewell B
PWR
1188
2035
Since 2006 Hinkley Point B and Hunterston B have been restricted to about 70% of 
normal MWe output because of boiler-related problems requiring that they operate at 
reduced boiler temperatures. This output restriction is likely to remain until closure.
Non-operating nuclear power stations
Power Station
Type
Net MWe
Est closure
Oldbury
Magnox
200
2003
Wylfa
Magnox
240
2004
Dungeness B
Magnox
300
1990
Hinkley Point B
Magnox
276
1989
Hunterston B
Magnox
246
2002
Hartlepool
Magnox
470
2000
Heysham 1
Magnox
390
1991
Heysham 2
Magnox
450
2006
Torness
Magnox
420
2006
A number of research and development reactors also produced some power for the grid, 
including two Winfrith reactors, two Dounreay fast reactors, and the prototype Windscale 
Advanced Gas Cooled Reactor.
Power station reactors
•
Berkeley, Gloucestershire 2 x 276MW, de-commissioned
•
Bradwell, Essex (Generation ceased in 2002, defuelled by September 2005)
•
Calder Hall, Sellafield, Cumbria - 4 x 50MWe (Generation started in 1956 and ceased in 
2003)
•
Chapelcross, Dumfries and Galloway - 4 x 180MW(th) (Generation ceased in June 2004)
•
Dungeness A, Kent 2 x 223MW. BNG owned Magnox station (Entered decommissioning 
January 2007)
•
Dungeness B, Kent 2 x 550 MW(e). British Energy owned AGR
•
Hartlepool, Hartlepool 2 x 600MW(e). British Energy owned AGR
•
Heysham nuclear power stations, Lancashire - 4 x 600 MW(e)
•
Hinkley Point A, Somerset (Ceased operations in 2000, defuelled by September 2005)
•
Hinkley Point B, Somerset 2 x 570MW(e). British Energy owned AGR
•
Hunterston A, North Ayrshire (Generation ceased 1990)
•
Hunterston B, North Ayrshire 2 x 570 MW(e) British Energy owned AGR
•
Oldbury, Gloucestershire - 2 x 435MW. (Generation due to cease July 2011 or when 
Cumulative Mean Core Irradiaton reaches 31.5 MWd/te (R1) and 32.7 MWd/te (R2))
•
Sizewell A, Suffolk BNFL owned Magnox station (Entered decommissioning January 2007)
•
Sizewell B, Suffolk 1 x 1195MWe. British Energy PWR
•
Torness, East Lothian 2 x 625 MW(e). British Energy owned AGR
•
Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd BNG owned Magnox station (Generation ceased 1991)
•
Winfrith, Dorchester, Dorset – SGHWR (ceased operation in 1990)
•
Wylfa, Anglesey - 2 x 490MW magnox reactors. (Generation due to cease at end of 2010)
Research reactors
•
Aldermaston - VIPER - Atomic Weapons Establishment
•
Ascot - CONSORT reactor, Imperial College London, Silwood Park campus
•
Billingham - TRIGA Mark I reactor, ICI refinery (installed 1971, shut down 1988)
•
Culham - JET fusion reactor
•
Derby - Neptune - Rolls-Royce Marine Power Operations Ltd, Raynesway
•
Dounreay
          o VULCAN (Rolls-Royce Naval Marine)
          o PWR2 (Rolls-Royce Naval Marine)
          o DMTR
          o Dounreay Fast Reactor - Fast breeder reactor (shut down 1994)
          o Prototype fast reactor
•
East Kilbride - Scottish Universities Research and Reactor Centre (deactivated 1995, fully 
dismantled 2003)
•
Harwell AERE
          o GLEEP (shut down 1990)
          o BEPO (shut down 1968)
          o LIDO (shut down 1974)
          o DIDO (shut down 1990)
          o PLUTO (shut down 1990)
•
London
          o Greenwich - JASON PWR reactor (dismantled 1999)
          o Stratford Marsh - Queen Mary, University of London (fully dismantled)
•
Risley - Universities Research Reactor (shut down 1991 decommissioned-land released 
1996)
•
Sellafield (named Windscale until 1971)
          o PILE 1 (shut down 1957 after Windscale fire)
          o PILE 2 (shut down 1957)
          o WAGR (shut down 1982)
  
•
Winfrith - Dorchester, Dorset, 9 reactors, shut down 1990, including
          o Dragon reactor
10 new nuclear sites
In November 2009, the Government has identified ten nuclear sites which could 
accommodate future reactors
•
Bradwell in Essex
•
Braystones
•
Kirksanton
•
Sellafield in Cumbria
•
Hartlepool
•
Heysham in Lancashire
•
Hinkley Point in Somerset
•
Oldbury in Gloucestershire
•
Sizewell in Suffolk
•
Wylfa in North Wales. (However, the Welsh Assembly Government remains opposed to new 
nuclear plants in Wales despite the approval of Wylfa as a potential site)
Most of these sites already have a station, the only new sites are Braystones and 
Kirksanton.

