# 3.59 Radiological Dispersal Devices, RDDs; creating, deploying and detonating radiological bombs in Western European capitals

> 原文页码: 1058-1063

3.59 Radiological Dispersal Devices, RDDs; creating, deploying and detonating 
radiological bombs in Western European capitals
The term radiological bomb (dirty bomb) refers to a radiological weapon which combines 
radioactive material with conventional explosives. Though a radiological dispersal device 
(RDD) would be designed to disperse radioactive material over a large area, a bomb that 
uses conventional explosives would likely have more immediate lethal effect than the 
radioactive material. At levels created from most probable sources, not enough radiation 
would be present to cause severe illness or death. A test explosion and subsequent 
calculations done by the United States Department of Energy found that assuming 
nothing is done to clean up the affected area and everyone stays in the affected area for 
one year, the radiation exposure would be "fairly high", but not fatal.  Recent analysis of 
the Chernobyl disaster fallout confirms this, showing that the effect on many people in 
the surrounding area, although not those in close proximity, was almost negligible.
Since a dirty bomb is unlikely to cause many deaths, many do not consider this to be a 
weapon of mass destruction. Its purpose would be to create psychological, not physical, 
harm through mass panic, and terror. For this reason dirty bombs are sometimes called 
"weapons of mass disruption". Additionally, containment and decontamination of 
thousands of victims, as well as decontamination of the affected area will require 
considerable time and expense, rendering areas partly unusable and causing devastating 
economic damage.
The term has also been used historically to refer to certain types of nuclear weapons. 
Due to the inefficiency of early nuclear weapons, only a small amount of the nuclear 
material would be consumed during the explosion. “Little Boy” had an efficiency of only 
1.4%. “Fat Man”, which used a different design and a different fissile material, had an 
efficiency of 14%. Thus, they tended to disperse large amounts of unused fissile 
material, and the fission products, which are on average much more dangerous, in the 
form of nuclear fallout. During the 1950s, there was considerable debate over whether 
"clean" bombs could be produced and these were often contrasted with "dirty" bombs. 
"Clean" bombs were often a stated goal and scientists and administrators said that high-
efficiency nuclear weapon design could create explosions which generated almost all of 
their energy in the form of nuclear fusion, which does not create harmful fission 
products.
But the Castle Bravo accident of 1954, in which a thermonuclear weapon produced a 
large amount of fallout which was dispersed among human populations, suggested that 
this was not what was actually being used in modern thermonuclear weapons, which 
derive around half of their yield from a final fission stage. While some proposed 
producing "clean" weapons, other theorists noted that one could make a nuclear weapon 
intentionally "dirty" by "salting" it with a material, which would generate large amounts 
of long-lasting fallout when irradiated by the weapon core. These are known as salted 
bombs; a specific subtype often noted is a “cobalt bomb”.
Practical use in history
There have only ever been two cases of caesium-containing bombs, and neither was 
detonated. Both involved the global Jihad against Russia. The first attempt of radiological 
terror was carried out in November 1995 by a group of Chechen Jihadists, who buried a 
caesium-137 source wrapped in explosives at the Izmaylovsky Park in Moscow. A 
Chechen rebel leader alerted the media, the bomb was never activated, and the incident 
amounted to a mere publicity stunt. In December 1998, a second attempt was 
announced by the Chechen Security Service, who discovered a container filled with 
radioactive materials attached to an explosive mine.
There have been several other cases where a few organizations including al-Qaeda 
planned to detonate a radiological bomb in the US. In 2002, an al-Qaeda cell operative; 
José Padilla aka. Abdulla al-Muhajir, was arrested after his cell commander, Abu 
Zubaydah, revealed sensitive information during interrogation.  He revealed that his cell 
was close to constructing a radiological bomb. Although Padilla had not obtained 
radioactive material or explosives at the time of arrest, law enforcement authorities 
uncovered evidence that he was on reconnaissance for usable radioactive material and 
possible locations for detonation. There are approximately 5 similar stories involving al-
Qaeda but also two European nationalist cells (on Ukrainian and one European-
American).
PCCTS, Knights Templar and radiological weapons
The PCCTS, Knights Templar intend to include radiological weapons in our arsenal as they 
are quite easy to create and relatively easy to acquire for those individuals with basic 
knowledge. However, we do not intend to detonate radiological weapons before the 
capitulation deadline given to the criminal multiculturalist regimes of Western Europe 
which is; Jan 1st, 2020. Preparations to acquire enough caesium and other radiological 
components should however begin immediately so that we are well positioned to 
effectuate attacks after the deadline. Our radiological attacks (RDDs) will cause minimal 
to no civilian casualties but will create devastating ideological, physiological and 
economical damage on the targeted cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime.
Protection when handling radiological material
Let there be no doubt; the cost and complexity of using protective systems needed to 
protect the handler from radiation is not realistic. Our goal is therefore to use protective 
systems (hazmat suits, improvised and relatively inexpensive lead containers) that allow 
the builder/transporter of the bomb to survive long enough in order to successfully 
deploy and detonate it. Ensure that you have drugs against radiation sickness available 
prior to initiation of operation. These drugs will treat damaged organs, reduce symptoms 
and manage pain. Decontamination is the removal of as much external radioactive 
particles as possible. Removing clothing and shoes eliminates about 90 percent of 
external contamination. Gently washing with water and soap removes additional radiation 
particles from the skin. Decontamination prevents further distribution of radioactive 
materials and lowers the risk of internal contamination from inhalation, ingestion or open 
wounds.
Treatment for internal contamination includes treatments to reduce damage to internal 
organs caused by radioactive particles. These treatments include the following:
•
Potassium iodide is a nonradioactive form of iodine. Because iodine is essential for proper 
thyroid function, the thyroid becomes a "destination" for iodine in the body. If you have 
internal contamination with radioactive iodine (radioiodine), your thyroid will absorb 
radioiodine just as it would other forms of iodine. Treatment with potassium iodide may fill 
"vacancies" in the thyroid and prevent absorption of radioiodine. The radioiodine is 
eventually cleared from the body in urine.
•
Prussian blue, a type of dye, binds to particles of radioactive elements known as cesium and 
thallium. The radioactive particles are then excreted in feces. This treatment speeds up the 
elimination of the radioactive particles and reduces the amount of radiation cells may 
absorb.
•
Diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA) is a substance that binds to metals. DTPA binds 
to particles of the radioactive elements plutonium, americium and curium. The radioactive 
particles pass out of the body in urine, thereby reducing the amount of radiation absorbed.
Supportive treatment
If you have radiation sickness, you should take additional medications or interventions to 
treat:
•
Bacterial infections
•
Headache
•
Fever
•
Diarrhea
•
Nausea and vomiting
•
Dehydration
Long term exposure of radiation may damage your bone marrow. However, it is unlikely 
that any Justiciar Knight will expose himself to radiation over a longer period, unless he is 
seeking radiological sources over a period of several months, so a scenario where you 
experience damage to your bone marrow is not realistic. In a context where this is a 
problem, a protein called granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, which promotes the 
growth of white blood cells, may counter the effect of radiation sickness on bone marrow. 
Treatment with this protein-based medication, which includes filgrastim (Neupogen) and 
pegfilgrastim (Neulasta), may increase white blood cell production and help prevent 
subsequent infections. 
End-of-life preparations
A Justiciar Knight who has absorbed large doses of radiation (8 Gy or greater) has little 
chance of recovery and will die. Depending of the severity of illness, death can occur 
within two days or two to three weeks. Justiciar Knights with a lethal radiation dose 
should ensure that he has medications to control pain, nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea. 
He should also receive psychological encouragement from fellow Knights if possible. 
Hazmat suit and lead containers
Be extremely careful when handling radiological material. One example we can learn 
from is the radiological accident occurring in Goiânia, Brazil, between September 1987 
and March 1988: Two metal scavengers broke into an abandoned radiotherapy clinic and 
removed a teletherapy source capsule containing powdered caesium-137 with an activity 
of 50 T Bq. They brought it home to one of the men to take it apart and sell it as scrap 
metal. Later that day both men were showing acute signs of radiation illness with 
vomiting and one of the men had a swollen hand and diarrhoea. A few days later one of 
the men punctured the 1 mm thick window of the capsule, allowing the caesium chloride 
powder to leak out and when realizing the powder glowed blue in the dark, brought it 
back home to his family and friends to show it off. After 2 weeks of spread by contact 
contamination causing an increasing number of adverse health effects, the correct 
diagnosis of acute radiation sickness was made at a hospital and proper precautions 
could be put into procedure. By this time 249 people were contaminated, 151 exhibited 
both external and internal contamination of which 20 people were seriously ill and 5 
people died.
The Goiânia incident to some extent predicts the contamination pattern when an 
explosion spreads radioactive material, but also how fatal even very small amounts of 
ingested radioactive powder can be. The goal must be to acquire and use powdered alpha 
emitting material (or equivalently potent material), that if ingested can pose a serious 
health risk. This was also the case of deceased former KGB spy Alexander Litvinenko, 
who either ate, drank or inhaled polonium-210. "Smoky bombs" based on alpha emitters 
might easily be just as dangerous as beta or gamma emitting dirty bombs.
Justiciar Knight Commanders or Operatives should take the required security measures 
and at least provide and use secure lead containers. I have not yet researched portable, 
anti-radiological containers, but it is likely we will have to design and build them 
ourselves as we need to properly add camouflaging effects to the item for transportation 
purposes. The containers, perhaps designed as briefcases, must be used in order to 
prevent alerting your surroundings. When approaching a source, you should equip your 
anti-radiological hazmat suit and secure the material in your container. When you are at 
a safe distance you must then un-equip your suit (and transport it in a separate bag) in 
order to avoid raising red flags from your surroundings.
Obtaining material for a radiological bomb
When evaluating sources for the acquirement of radiological material a good 
measurement should be to focus on material with an activity potential of at least more 
than 5 T Bq. The latest government security overview published in 2010 estimates that 
more than 2000 tons of radiological material remains unsecured around the world in the 
strangest of places. Material lies unsecured in thousands of locations such as Russian 
light houses, abandoned radiotherapy clinics, national industrial or military dumping 
grounds, abandoned plutonium mines, abandoned military vessels, sunken military 
vessels (material available to divers) etc.  
In order for us to construct and detonate a radiological bomb, we must acquire 
radioactive material by stealing it or buying it through legal or illegal channels. Possible 
RDD material could come from the millions of radioactive sources used worldwide in the 
industry, for medical purposes and in academic applications mainly for research. Of these 
sources, only nine reactor produced isotopes stand out as being suitable for radiological 
terror: 
•
Americium-241 (widely used in smoke detectors, 1 milligram per)
•
Californium-252
•
Caesium-137 (cesium)
•
Cobalt-60
•
Iridium-192
•
Plutonium-238, 239
•
Polonium-210
•
Radium-226
•
Strontium-90
Of these materials, radium-226 and polonium-210 are considered the least potent. Of 
these sources the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission has estimated that within the US, 
approximately one source is lost, abandoned or stolen every day of the year. Within the 
European Union the annual estimate is 70. There exists thousands of such "orphan" 
sources scattered throughout the world, but of those reported lost, no more than an 
estimated 20 percent are classified as a potential high security concern if used in a RDD. 
Especially Russia is believed to house thousands of orphan sources, which were lost 
following the collapse of the Soviet Union. A large but unknown number of these sources 
probably belong to our Russian nationalist brothers or sympathisers or the Russian mafia 
networks. Noteworthy are the Russian very strong beta emitting strontium-90 sources 
used as radioisotope thermoelectric generators for beacons in lighthouses in remote 
areas. These were recently (2009) secured by Russian authorities but many were stolen 
or “lost” prior to this campaign. It is likely that such emitters are still widely available in 
ex-Soviet republics.  In December 2001, three Georgian woodcutters stumbled over such 
a power generator and dragged it back to their camp site to use it as a heat source. 
Within hours they suffered from acute radiation sickness and sought hospital treatment. 
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) later stated that it contained an amount 
of strontium equivalent to pose a huge risk if ever used with a RDD.
It should be considered relatively easy to acquire at least one of these materials if you 
have a minimum of information in regards to appropriate sources. It is therefore likely 
that any Justiciar Knight cell attempting to acquire radiological material will be 
successful. We, the PCCTS, Knights Templar or any allied liberation organization is likely 
to obtain radioactive material through the "black market" or by going directly to the 
sources ourselves. Due to the nature of our hierarchical structure it is unlikely that we 
can afford purchasing it from criminal organization as the prize would simply be too 
steep. In any case, the black market remains as one viable option for acquirement. There 
has been a steady increase in illicit trafficking of radioactive sources from 1996 to 2004. 
However, these recorded trafficking incidents mainly refer to rediscovered orphan sources 
without any sign of the criminal activity being linked to patriotic liberation movements. 
Challenges and considerations for the Justiciar Knights cell
In addition to task consisting of obtaining usable radioactive material, there are several 
requirements or considerations we have to evaluate:
1.
The source should be "sufficiently" radioactive to create direct radiological damage at the 
explosion or at least to perform societal damage or disruption. 
2.
The source should be transportable with enough shielding to protect the carrier, but not so 
much that it will be too heavy to manoeuvre. Loading enough material in a truck together 
with a small to medium fertilizer bomb would seem to be the most pragmatical approach. 
3.
The radiological material must be sufficiently dispersed during detonation to effectively 
contaminate the area around the explosion. Creating a solid dispersal strategy is required 
which should involve the inclusion of f example designed hollow/soaked projectiles made 
from metal/steel which are included as “carriers”. Metal shrapnel, or perhaps specifically 
designed steel balls with small internal chambers (containing radioactive material), either 
designed to be dispersed at impact location or specifically designed metal balls/shrapnel for 
aerial dispersal from detonation site to impact site. If designed correctly, the material 
inside the ball will be dispersed in relation to the velocity of the projectile vs. design size 
and air pressure. If you cover the bomb with thousands of these metal carrier 
shrapnel/balls, depending on detonation site, it may contaminate an area up to 3 square 
kilometres. If you add enough of these balls, it will result in a scenario where it will literally 
“rain radioactive balls” over a big portion of the city contributing to the ideological, 
psychological and economical devastation.
4.
Suitable locations: Western European capitals preferably close to or on top of the most 
popular inner city tourist attractions/parliament building/city hall or any other location of 
symbolic/economical value to cause maximum ideological, psychological and economical 
damage. Just imagine how much ideological, psychological and economical damage it 
would cause the criminal French cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime if they had to 
abandon the Eiffel tower and create a 1 km containment zone around it for several decades 
to come. The total sum of damage converted into economical losses for the regime would 
amount to as much as hundreds of billions of Euros and would perhaps cause a chain 
reaction leading to the fall of the regime. 
An example of a best case scenario is when a Justiciar Knight cell (1-3 individuals) 
possessing a source of highly radioactive material, e.g. a strontium-90 thermal generator, 
with the ability to create an incident comparable to the Chernobyl accident. The 
detonation of a radiological bomb using such a source would be optimal and would not 
prove to be too difficult or unrealistic. These light house thermal generators were until 
recently readily available in Russia and are still available in ex-Soviet republics. We would 
assemble the bomb in a safe location using protective gear and transport the bomb by 
truck to the detonation location. The Justiciar Knights involved in this operation would be 
subject to severe radiation exposure during assembly and transportation. However, the 
exposure would not be fatal immediately and the Justiciar Knights involved would be able 
to function properly with the provided meds until detonation. During transportation, the 
device has to be sealed or at least covered in a large lead capsule/cover in order to 
prevent too much radiation to the Knights transporting it. It is however worth noting; 
shielding the source effectively would make it almost impossible to transport and a lot 
less effective if detonated. The Justiciar Knights involved in the assembly and/or 
transport (1-2) are therefore sacrificing themselves and will die as martyrs for the cause.
Considering an alternative dispersal approach 
Instead of or addition to a blast, for the intention of effective dispersal, it should be 
considered to simply use a gasoline/rubber mix as the primary dispersal method. In this 
context, a Justiciar Knight has to go to the back of the truck and remove the lead 
containment shell (the protective measures), ensuring that all the radiological material is 
unshielded. He will then have to ignite the 5-20 barrels of gasoline/rubber mix either via 
remote detonation or by dead man switch. At that point he will have no chance of long 
term survival due to severe radiation poisoning. It would therefore be most efficient if he 
used a remote detonation and established a sniper post close to the fire, and thus 
effectively preventing the fire corps from putting out the fire for up to a period of 60 
minutes (until he is neutralised by a system protector snipers). The fire will generate 
significant radioactive fumes (radioactive particles carried by the fumes) and the 
resulting fume-clouds will act as the “dispersal device” transporting highly radioactive 
particles up to several hundred kilometres away and would be likely to contaminate 
neighbouring countries and thus causing an international crisis. 
Estimating the consequences of a Knights Templar RDD attack
The fear of radiation is not always logical. Although the exposure might be minimal, 
many people find radiation exposure especially frightening because it is something they 
cannot see or feel, and it therefore becomes an unknown source of danger. The Western 
European multiculturalist regimes will have great challenges in dealing with public fear 
after a RDD attack. This public fear of radiation also plays a big role in why the costs of 
an RDD impact on a major metropolitan area might be equal to or even larger than that 
of the 9/11 attacks. Assuming the radiation levels are not too high and the area does not 
need to be abandoned such as the town of Pripyat near the Chernobyl reactor, an 
expensive and time consuming cleanup procedure will begin which will cost the regime 
anything from 500 million up to 2000 billion Euros. This will mainly consist of tearing 
down highly contaminated buildings, digging up contaminated soil/asphalt/concrete and 
quickly applying sticky substances to remaining surfaces to adhere the radioactive 
particles before radioactivity penetrates the building materials. These procedures are the 
current state of the art for radioactive contamination cleanup, but many experts say that 

