# 2.12 The Fatherless Civilisation

> 原文页码: 359-363

undermine the current justification of multiculturalism (the core mantra: we need mote 
Muslims to replace our aging populations!).
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2007/05/what-is-cause-of-low-birth-rates.html
1. http://www.jihadwatch.org/archives/015598.php
2. http://www.macleans.ca/article.jsp?content=20070528_105313_105313
3. http://www.mises.org/story/2451
4. http://www.atimes.com/atimes/Front_Page/GH02Aa01.html
5. http://www.atimes.com/atimes/front_page/ED08Aa01.html
6. http://www.faithfreedom.org/oped/Ohmyrus50810.htm
2.12 The Fatherless Civilisation
By Fjordman
“An autopsy of history would show that all great nations commit suicide. “
Arnold Toynbee
American columnist Diana West recently released her book The Death of the Grown-up, 
where she traces the decline of Western civilisation to the permanent youth rebellions of 
the past two generations. The decade from the first half of the 1960s to the first half of 
the 1970s was clearly a major watershed in Western history, with the start of non-
Western mass immigration in the USA, the birth of Eurabia in Western Europe and the 
rise of multiculturalism and radical Feminism.
The paradox is that the people who viciously attacked their own civilisation had enjoyed 
uninterrupted economic growth for decades, yet embraced Marxist-inspired ideologies 
and decided to undermine the very society which had allowed them to live privileged 
lives. Maybe this isn't as strange as it seems. Karl Marx himself was aided by the wealth 
of Friedrich Engels, the son of a successful industrialist.
This was also the age of decolonisation in Western Europe and desegregation in the USA, 
which created an atmosphere where Western civilisation was seen as evil. Whatever the 
cause, we have since been stuck in a pattern of eternal opposition to our own civilisation. 
Some of these problems may well have older roots, but they became institutionalised to 
an unprecedented degree during the 1960s.
According to Diana West[1], the organising thesis of her book "is that the unprecedented 
transfer of cultural authority from adults to adolescents over the past half century or so 
has dire implications for the survival of the Western world." Having redirected our natural 
development away from adulthood and maturity in order to strike the pop-influenced 
pose of eternally cool youth – ever-open, non-judgmental, self-absorbed, searching for 
(or just plain lacking) identity – we have fostered a society marked by these same traits. 
In short: Westerners live in a state of perpetual adolescence, but also with a 
corresponding perpetual identity crisis. West thinks maturity went out of style in the 
rebellious 1960s, "the biggest temper tantrum in the history of the world," which flouted 
authority figures of any kind.
She also believes that although the most radical break with the past took place during 
the 60s and 70s, the roots of Western youth culture are to be found in the 1950s with the 
birth of rock and roll music, Elvis Presley and actors such as James Dean. Pop group The 
Beatles embodied this in the early 60s, but changed radically in favor of drugs and the 
rejection of established wisdom as they approached 1970, a shift which was reflected in 
the entire culture.
Personally, one of my favourite movies from the 1980s was Back to the Future. In one of 
the scenes, actor Michael J. Fox travels in time from 1985 to 1955. Before he leaves 
1985, he hears the slogan "Re-elect Mayor....Progress is his middle name." The same 
slogan is repeated in 1955, only with a different name. Politics is politics in any age. 
Writers Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale have stated that they chose the year 1955 as the 
setting of the movie because this was the age of the birth of teen culture: This was when 
the teenager started to rule, and he has ruled ever since.
As West says[2], many things changed in the economic boom in the decades following 
the Second World War: "When you talk about the postwar period, the vast new affluence 
is a big factor in reorienting the culture to adolescent desire. You see a shift in cultural 
authority going to the young. Instead of kids who might take a job to be able to help with 
household expenses, all of a sudden that pocket money was going into the manufacture 
of a massive new culture. That conferred such importance to a period of adolescence that 
had never been there before." After generations of this celebration of youth, the adults 
have no confidence left: "Kids are planning expensive trips, going out unchaperoned, 
they are drinking, debauching, absolutely running amok, yet the parents say, 'I can't do 
anything about it.' Parents have abdicated responsibilities to give in to adolescent 
desire."
She believes that "Where womanhood stands today is deeply affected by the death of 
grown-up. I would say the sexualised female is part of the phenomenon I'm talking 
about, so I don't think they're immune to the death of the grown-up. Women are still 
emulating young fashion. Where sex is more available, there are no longer the same 
incentives building toward married life, which once was a big motivation toward the 
maturing process."
Is she right? Have we become a civilisation of Peter Pans refusing to grow up? Have we 
been cut off from the past by disparaging everything old as outmoded? I know blogger 
Conservative Swede, who likes Friedrich Nietzsche, thinks we suffer from "slave 
morality," but I sometimes wonder whether we suffer from child morality rather than 
slave morality. However, there are other forces at work here as well.
The welfare state encourages an infantilisation of society where people return to 
childhood by being provided for by others. This creates not just a culture obsessed with 
youth but with adolescent irresponsibility. Many people live in a constant state of 
rebellion against not just their parents but their nation, their culture and their civilisation.
Writer Theodore Dalrymple thinks[3] one reason for the epidemic of self-destructiveness 
in Western societies is the avoidance of boredom: "For people who have no transcendent 
purpose to their lives and cannot invent one through contributing to a cultural tradition 
(for example), in other words who have no religious belief and no intellectual interests to 
stimulate them, self-destruction and the creation of crises in their life is one way of 
warding off meaninglessness."
According to him, what we are seeing now[4] is "a society in which people demand to 
behave more or less as they wish, that is to say whimsically, in accordance with their 
kaleidoscopically changing desires, at the same time as being protected from the natural 
consequences of their own behaviour by agencies of the state. The result is a 
combination of Sodom and Gomorrah and a vast and impersonal bureaucracy of welfare."
The welfare state deprives you of the possibility of deriving self-respect from your work. 
This can hurt a person's self-respect, but more so for men than for women because 
masculine identity is closely tied to providing for others. Stripped of this, male self-
respect declines and society with it. Dalrymple also worries about the end of fatherhood, 
and believes that the worst child abusers[5] are governments promoting the very 
circumstances in which child abuse and neglect are most likely to take place: "He who 
promotes single parenthood is indifferent to the fate of children." Fatherhood scarcely 
exists, except in the merest biological sense:
"I worked in a hospital in which had it not been for the children of Indian immigrants, the 
illegitimacy rate of children born there would have approached one hundred per cent. It 
became an almost indelicate question to ask of a young person who his or her father was; 
to me, it was still an astounding thing to be asked, 'Do you mean my father now, at the 
moment?' as if it could change at any time and had in fact changed several times before."
This is because "women are to have children merely because they want them, as is their 
government-given right, irrespective of their ability to bring them up, or who has to pay 
for them, or the consequences to the children themselves. Men are to be permanently 
infantilised, their income being in essence pocket money for them to spend on their 
enjoyments, having no serious responsibilities at all (beyond paying tax). Henceforth, the 
state will be father to the child, and the father will be child of the state."
As Swedish writer Per Bylund explains[6]: "Most of us were not raised by our parents at 
all. We were raised by the authorities in state daycare centers from the time of infancy; 
then pushed on to public schools, public high schools, and public universities; and later to 
employment in the public sector and more education via the powerful labour unions and 
their educational associations. The state is ever-present and is to many the only means 
of survival – and its welfare benefits the only possible way to gain independence."
Though Sweden is arguably an extreme case, author Melanie Phillips notices[7] the same 
trends in Britain, too: "Our culture is now deep into uncharted territory. Generations of 
family disintegration in turn are unravelling the fundamentals of civilised human 
behaviour. Committed fathers are crucial to their children's emotional development. As a 
result of the incalculable irresponsibility of our elites, however, fathers have been seen 
for the past three decades as expendable and disposable. Lone parenthood stopped being 
a source of shame and turned instead into a woman's inalienable right. The state has 
provided more and more inducements to women – through child benefit, council flats and 
other welfare provision – to have children without committed fathers. This has produced 
generations of women-only households, where emotionally needy girls so often become 
hopelessly inadequate mothers who abuse and neglect their own children – who, in turn, 
perpetuate the destructive pattern. This is culturally nothing less than suicidal."
I sometimes wonder whether the modern West, and Western Europe in particular, should 
be dubbed the Fatherless Civilisation. Fathers have been turned into a caricature and 
there is a striking demonisation of traditional male values. Any person attempting to 
enforce rules and authority, a traditional male preserve, is seen as a Fascist and ridiculed, 
starting with God the Father. We end up with a society of vague fathers who can be 
replaced at the whim of the mothers at any given moment. Even the mothers have 
largely abdicated, leaving the upbringing of children to schools, kindergartens and 
television. In fashion and lifestyle, mothers imitate their daughters, not vice versa.
The elaborate welfare state model in Western Europe is frequently labelled "the nanny 
state," but perhaps it could also be named "the husband state." Why? Well, in a 
traditional society, the role of men was to physically protect and financially provide for 
their women. In our modern society, part of this task has been "outsourced" to the state, 
which helps explain why women in general give disproportionate support to high taxation 
and pro-welfare state parties. According to anthropologist Lionel Tiger, the ancient unit of 
a mother, a child and a father has morphed from monogamy into "bureaugamy," a 
mother, a child and a bureaucrat. The state has become a substitute husband. In fact, it 
doesn't replace just the husband, it replaces the entire nuclear and extended family, 
raises the children and cares for the elderly.
Øystein Djupedal, Minister of Education and Research from the Socialist Left Party and 
responsible for Norwegian education from kindergartens via high schools to PhD level, 
has stated[8]: "I think that it's simply a mistaken view of child-rearing to believe that 
parents are the best to raise children. 'Children need a village,' said Hillary Clinton. But 
we don't have that. The village of our time is the kindergarten." He later retracted this 
statement, saying that parents have the main responsibility for raising children, but that 
"kindergartens are a fantastic device for children, and it is good for children to spend 
time in kindergarten before [they] start school."
The problem is that some of his colleagues use the kindergarten as the blueprint for 
society as a whole, even for adults. In the fall of 2007, Norway's center-left government 
issued a warning to 140 companies that still hadn't fulfilled the state-mandated quota of 
40 percent women on their boards of directors. Equality minister Karita Bekkemellem 
stated[9] that companies failing to meet the quota will face involuntary dissolution, 
despite the fact that many are within traditionally male-oriented branches like the 
offshore oil industry, shipping and finance. She called the law "historic and radical" and 
said it will be enforced.
Bekkemellem is thus punishing the naughty children who refuse to do as Mother State 
tells them to, even if these children happen to be private corporations. The state replaces 
the father in the sense that it provides for you financially, but it acts more like a mother 
in removing risks and turning society into a cozy, regulated kindergarten with ice cream 
and speech codes.
Blog reader Tim W. thinks[10] women tend to be more selfish than men vis-a-vis the 
opposite sex: "Men show concern for women and children while women.... well, they 
show concern for themselves and children. I'm not saying that individual women don't 
show concern for husbands or brothers, but as a group (or voting bloc) they have no 
particular interest in men's well-being. Women's problems are always a major concern 
but men's problems aren't. Every political candidate is expected to address women's 
concerns, but a candidate even acknowledging that men might have concerns worth 
addressing would be ostracised." What if men lived an average of five years and eight 
months longer than women? Well, if that were the case, we'd never hear the end of it: 
"Feminists and women candidates would walk around wearing buttons with 'five years, 
eight months' written on them to constantly remind themselves and the world about this 
horrendous inequity. That this would happen, and surely it would, says something about 
the differing natures of male and female voters."
Bernard Chapin interviewed Dr. John Lott[11] at Frontpage Magazine. According to Lott, 
"I think that women are generally more risk averse then men are and they see 
government as one way of providing insurance against life's vagaries. I also think that 
divorced women with kids particularly turn towards government for protection. Simply 
giving women the right to vote explained at least a third of the growth in government for 
about 45 years."
He thinks this "explains a lot of the government's growth in the US but also the rest of 
the world over the last century. When states gave women the right to vote, government 
spending and tax revenue, even after adjusting for inflation and population, went from 
not growing at all to more than doubling in ten years. As women gradually made up a 
greater and greater share of the electorate, the size of government kept on increasing. 
This continued for 45 years as a lot of older women who hadn't been used to voting when 
suffrage first passed were gradually replaced by younger women. After you get to the 
1960s, the continued growth in government is driven by higher divorce rates. Divorce 
causes women with children to turn much more to government programs." The 
liberalisation of abortion also led to more single parent families.
Diana West thinks what we saw in the counterculture of the 1960s was a leveling[12] of 
all sorts of hierarchies, both of learning and of authority. From that emerged the leveling 
of culture and by extension multiculturalism. She also links this trend to the nanny state:
"In considering the strong links between an increasingly paternalistic nanny state and the 
death of the grown-up, I found that Tocqueville (of course) had long ago made the 
connections. He tried to imagine under what conditions despotism could come to the United 
States. He came up with a vision of the nation characterised, on the one hand, by an 
'innumerable multitude of men, alike and equal, constantly circling around in pursuit of the 
petty and banal pleasures with which they glut their souls,' and, on the other, by the 
'immense protective power' of the state. 'Banal pleasures' and 'immense state power' might 
have sounded downright science-fictional in the middle of the 19th century; by the start of 
the 21st century, it begins to sound all too familiar. Indeed, speaking of the all-powerful 
state, he wrote: 'It would resemble parental authority if, fatherlike, it tried to prepare its 
charges for a man's life, but, on the contrary, it only tries to keep them in perpetual 
childhood.' Perhaps the extent to which we, liberals and conservatives alike, have 
acquiesced to our state's parental authority shows how far along we, as a culture, have 
reached Tocqueville's state of 'perpetual childhood.'"
This problem is even worse in Western Europe, a region with more elaborate welfare 
states than the USA and which has lived under the American military umbrella for 
generations, thus further enhancing the tendency for adolescent behaviour. 
The question, which was indirectly raised by Alexis de Tocqueville in the 1830s in his 
book Democracy in America, is this: If democracy of universal suffrage means that 
everybody's opinion is as good as everybody else's, will this sooner or later turn into a 
society where everybody's choices are also as good as everybody else's, which leads to 
cultural relativism? Tocqueville wrote at a time when only men had the vote. Will 
universal suffrage also lead to a situation where women vote themselves into possession 
of men's finances while reducing their authority and creating powerful state regulation of 
everything?
I don't know the answer to that. What I do know is that the current situation isn't 
sustainable. The absence of fatherhood has created a society full of social pathologies, 
and the lack of male self-confidence has made us easy prey for our enemies. If the West 
is to survive, we need to reassert a healthy dose of male authority. In order to do so we 
need to roll back the welfare state. Perhaps we need to roll back some of the excesses of 
Western Feminism[13], too.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2572
1. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=1C138B13-6680-446B-AA80-FF317A0901B9
2. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20519355/site/newsweek/
3. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID={D2C70DCE-BF86-4761-9788-03AB7FAB2608} 
4. http://dansk-svensk.blogspot.com/2007/08/angst-der-nationer-op.html
5. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/opinion/main.jhtml?
xml=/opinion/2004/01/22/do2201.xml&sSheet=/opinion/2004/01/22/ixopinion.html' 
http://48.864.2.327subf37:KTynmwf396737684766ЂЊ
6. http://www.mises.org/story/2190
7. http://www.melaniephillips.com/articles-new/?p=503
8. http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2006/08/welfare-state-is-dead-long-live.html
9. http://www.aftenposten.no/english/business/article2045491.ece

