# 2.13 The Western European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist intellectual elite – who are they?

> 原文页码: 364-364

10. http://www.amnation.com/vfr/archives/008277.html
11. http://www.frontpagemag.com/Articles/Read.aspx?GUID=efa81694-2e09-4b51-ad36-19e1d125aef0
12. http://tabacco.blog-city.com/diana_west_author_of_the_death_of_the_grownup_how_americ.htm
13. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1908
2.13 The Western European cultural Marxist/multiculturalist intellectual elite – 
who are they?
Cultural Marxists, suicidal humanists or capitalist globalists are all multiculturalists. 
“Multiculturalist” is a label for individuals who support multiculturalism (what was earlier 
referred to as “social engineering”); the European hate ideology which was created to 
destroy our European cultures, national cohesion and Christendom (in other words 
Western civilisation itself). Most people still use the more known stereotypical labels such 
as: ”socialists”, collectivists, feminists, humanists, egalitarians, gay and disability 
activists, animal rights activists, environmentalists etc. However, not all from the given 
groups are to be considered cultural Marxists. The common factor for the definition of 
cultural Marxists is their support to multiculturalism, a political ideology which have 
allowed Islamic demographic warfare to be initiated.
The group referred to as cultural Marxists/multiculturalists consist of politicians, primarily 
from the alliance of European political parties known as ”the MA 100” (political parties in 
Western Europe who support multiculturalism) and EU parliamentarians. They are elected 
and non-elected parliamentarians, their advisors and any public and/or corporate servant 
who has been and still are indirectly or directly implicated in justifying of propagating 
multiculturalism. 
They consist of individuals from various professional groups (but not limited to): 
politicians, political advisors, leaders in various NGOs, journalists, teachers, university 
professors, various school/university board members, publicists, radio commentators, 
writers of fiction, cartoonists, and artists. It also includes many individuals from 
professional groups such as: technicians, scientists, doctors and even Church leaders. 
These intellectuals are the organs which modern society has developed for spreading 
knowledge and ideas, and it is their convictions and opinions which operate as the sieve 
through which all new conceptions must pass before they can reach the masses.
The most brilliant and successful teachers are today more likely than not to be cultural 
Marxists. This is not because they are more intelligent, but because a much higher 
proportion of cultural Marxists among the best minds devote themselves to those 
intellectual pursuits which in modern society give them a decisive influence on public 
opinion. Cultural Marxists thought owes its appeal to the young largely to its visionary 
character. The intellectual, by his whole disposition, is uninterested in technical details or 
practical difficulties. What appeal to him are the broad visions.
Cultural Marxism/multiculturalism has never and nowhere been at first a working-class 
movement. It is a construction of theorists” and intellectuals, “the second-hand dealers 
in ideas.” The typical intellectual need not possess special knowledge of anything in 
particular, nor need he even be particularly intelligent, to perform his role as 
intermediary in the spreading of ideas.
The free society as we have known it carries in itself the forces of its own destruction, 
once freedom has been achieved it is taken for granted and ceases to be valued, and the 
free growth of ideas, which is the essence of a free society, will bring about the 
destruction of the foundations on which it depends.
Two examples of the most dangerous European cultural Marxists:

