# 2.14 Labour wants mass immigration to engineer multicultural UK, says former Blair and Straw adviser.

> 原文页码: 365-367

1.
José Manuel Durão Barroso - European Commission president
2.
Tony Blair – possibly the future European Commission president
Mr Barroso’s background reveals his political outlook. During his college days he was one 
of the leaders of the underground Maoist MRPP (Reorganising Movement of the 
Proletariat Party, later PCTP/MRPP Communist Party of the Portuguese 
Workers/Revolutionary Movement of the Portuguese Proletariat).
Despite this, the Tories and the rest of their so-called “European Conservatives and 
Reformists” group voted for Mr Barroso, ignoring the fact that he is one of the greatest 
proponents of the Lisbon Treaty and the extension of the EU’s power to take over almost 
all national rights such as foreign affairs, immigration, border control and defence.
To illustrate this further, let’s take a look at a few of the recent news highlights:
2.14 Labour wants mass immigration to engineer multicultural UK, says former 
Blair and Straw adviser. 
By Tom Whitehead, Home Affairs Editor - Published: 6:42PM BST 23 Oct 2009
Labour threw open Britain's borders to mass immigration to help 
socially engineer a "truly multicultural" country, a former 
Government adviser has revealed. The allegation was made after 
a former Labour adviser said  the Government opened up UK 
borders partly to humiliate Right-wing opponents of immigration.
The huge increases in migrants over the last decade were partly 
due to a politically motivated attempt by ministers to radically 
change the country and "rub the Right's nose in diversity", 
according to Andrew Neather, a former adviser to Tony Blair, Jack 
Straw and David Blunkett. 
He said Labour's relaxation of controls was a deliberate plan to 
"open up the UK to mass migration" but that ministers were 
nervous and reluctant to discuss such a move publicly for fear it 
would alienate its "core working class vote". 
As a result, the public argument for immigration concentrated 
instead on the economic benefits and need for more migrants. 
Critics said the revelations showed a "conspiracy" within Government to impose mass 
immigration for "cynical" political reasons. 
Mr Neather was a speech writer who worked in Downing Street for Tony Blair and in the 
Home Office for Jack Straw and David Blunkett, in the early 2000s. 
Writing in the Evening Standard, he revealed the "major shift" in immigration policy came 
after the publication of a policy paper from the Performance and Innovation Unit, a 
Downing Street think tank based in the Cabinet Office, in 2001.
He wrote a major speech for Barbara Roche, the then immigration minister, in 2000, 
which was largely based on drafts of the report. 
He said the final published version of the report promoted the labour market case for 
immigration but unpublished versions contained additional reasons, he said. 
He wrote: "Earlier drafts I saw also included a driving political purpose: that mass 
immigration was the way that the Government was going to make the UK truly 
multicultural. 
"I remember coming away from some discussions with the clear sense that the policy 
was intended – even if this wasn't its main purpose – to rub the Right's nose in diversity 
and render their arguments out of date." 
The "deliberate policy", from late 2000 until "at least February last year", when the new 
points based system was introduced, was to open up the UK to mass migration, he said. 
Some 2.3 million migrants have been added to the population since then, according to 
Whitehall estimates quietly slipped out last month. 
On Question Time on Thursday, Mr Straw was repeatedly quizzed about whether Labour's 
immigration policies had left the door open for the BNP. 
In his column, Mr Neather said that as well as bringing in hundreds of thousands more 
migrants to plug labour market gaps, there was also a "driving political purpose" behind 
immigration policy. 
He defended the policy, saying mass immigration has "enriched" Britain, and made 
London a more attractive and cosmopolitan place. 
But he acknowledged that "nervous" ministers made no mention of the policy at the time 
for fear of alienating Labour voters. 
"Part by accident, part by design, the Government had created its longed-for immigration 
boom. 
"But ministers wouldn't talk about it. In part they probably realised the conservatism of 
their core voters: while ministers might have been passionately in favour of a more 
diverse society, it wasn't necessarily a debate they wanted to have in working men's 
clubs in Sheffield or Sunderland." 
Sir Andrew Green, chairman of the Migrationwatch think tank, said: "Now at least the 
truth is out, and it's dynamite. 
"Many have long suspected that mass immigration under Labour was not just a cock up 
but also a conspiracy. They were right. 
"This Government has admitted three million immigrants for cynical political reasons 
concealed by dodgy economic camouflage." 
The chairmen of the cross-party Group for Balanced Migration, MPs Frank Field and 
Nicholas Soames, said: "We welcome this statement by an ex-adviser, which the whole 
country knows to be true. 
"It is the first beam of truth that has officially been shone on the immigration issue in 
Britain." 
A Home Office spokesman said: “Our new flexible points based system gives us greater 
control on those coming to work or study from outside Europe, ensuring that only those 
that Britain need can come. 
“Britain's borders are stronger than ever before and we are rolling out ID cards to foreign 
nationals, we have introduced civil penalties for those employing illegal workers and from 
the end of next year our electronic border system will monitor 95 per cent of journeys in 
and out of the UK. 
“The British people can be confident that immigration is under control.” 
It also emerged that:
• Home Office Minister Barbara Roche, who pioneered the open-door policy, wanted to 
restore her Labour reputation after being attacked by Left-wingers for condemning 
begging by immigrants as 'vile'.
• Civil servant Jonathan Portes, who wrote the immigration report, was a speechwriter for 
Gordon Brown and is now a senior aide to Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell.
• Labour chiefs decided to brand Tory leaders William Hague and Michael Howard as 
racists to deter them from criticising the covert initiative. 
A report, entitled Research, Development And Statistics Occasional Paper No67 - 
Migration: An Economic And Social Analysis, was published in January 2001 by the Home 
Office, then run by Mr Straw. 
Most of its key statistics came from a PIU team led by Mr Portes. The report paints a rosy 
picture of mass immigration, stating: 'There is little evidence that native workers are 
harmed by migration. The broader fiscal impact is likely to be positive because a greater 
proportion of migrants are of working age and  migrants have higher average wages than 
natives.'
It goes on: 'Most British regard immigration as having a positive effect on British culture.' 
Sources: 
1.http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/lawandorder/6418456/Labour-wanted-mass-immigration-to-make-UK-
more-multicultural-says-former-adviser.html
2.http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1222613/Labour-let-migrants-engineer-multicultural-UK.html?
ITO=1490&referrer=yahoo 
3. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1222769/Dishonest-Blair-Straw-accused-secret-plan-multicultural-UK.html
Continuation of story:

