# 2.15 The outrageous truth slips out: Labour cynically plotted to transform the entire make-up of Britain without telling us

> 原文页码: 368-369

2.15 The outrageous truth slips out: Labour cynically plotted to transform the 
entire make-up of Britain without telling us 
By Melanie Phillips
So now the cat is well and truly out of the bag. For years, as the number of immigrants 
to Britain shot up apparently uncontrollably, the question was how exactly this had 
happened.
Was it through a fit of absent-mindedness or gross incompetence? Or was it not 
inadvertent at all, but deliberate?
The latter explanation seemed just too outrageous. After all, a deliberate policy of mass 
immigration would have amounted to nothing less than an attempt to change the very 
make-up of this country without telling the electorate.
There could not have been a more grave abuse of the entire democratic process. Now, 
however, we learn that this is exactly what did happen. The Labour government has been 
engaged upon a deliberate and secret policy of national cultural sabotage.
This astonishing revelation surfaced quite casually last weekend in a newspaper article by 
one Andrew Neather. He turns out to have been a speech writer for Tony Blair, Jack Straw 
and David Blunkett.
And it was he who wrote a landmark speech in September 2000 by the then immigration 
minister, Barbara Roche, that called for a loosening of immigration controls. But the true 
scope and purpose of this new policy was actively concealed.
In its 1997 election manifesto, Labour promised 'firm control over immigration' and in 
2005 it promised a 'crackdown on abuse'. In 2001, its manifesto merely said that the 
immigration rules needed to reflect changes to the economy to meet skills shortages.
But all this concealed a monumental shift of policy. For Neather wrote that until 'at least 
February last year', when a new points-based system was introduced to limit foreign 
workers in response to increasing uproar, the purpose of the policy Roche ushered in was 
to open up the UK to mass immigration.
This has been achieved. Some 2.3million migrants have been added to the population 
since 2001. Since 1997, the number of work permits has quadrupled to 120,000 a year.
Unless policies change, over the next 25 years some seven million more will be added to 
Britain's population, a rate of growth three times as fast as took place in the Eighties.
Such an increase is simply unsustainable. Britain is already one of the most overcrowded 
countries in Europe. But now look at the real reason why this policy was introduced, and 
in secret. The Government's 'driving political purpose', wrote Neather, was 'to make the 
UK truly multicultural'.
It was therefore a politically motivated attempt by ministers to transform the 
fundamental make-up and identity of this country. It was done to destroy the right of the 
British people to live in a society defined by a common history, religion, law, language 
and traditions.
It was done to destroy for ever what it means to be culturally British and to put another 
'multicultural' identity in its place. And it was done without telling or asking the British 
people whether they wanted their country and their culture to be transformed in this way.
Spitefully, one motivation by Labour ministers was 'to rub the Right's nose in diversity 
and render their arguments out of date'.
Even Neather found that particular element of gratuitous Left-wing bullying to be 'a 
manoeuvre too far'.
Yet apart from this, Neather sees nothing wrong in the policy he has described. Indeed, 
the reason for his astonishing candour is he thinks it's something to boast about. Mass 
immigration, he wrote, had provided the 'foreign nannies, cleaners and gardeners' 
without whom London could hardly function.
What elitist arrogance! As if most people employ nannies, cleaners and gardeners. And 
what ignorance. The argument that Britain is better off with this level of immigration has 
been conclusively shown to be economically illiterate.
Neather gave the impression that most immigrants are Eastern Europeans. But these 
form fewer than a quarter of all immigrants.
And the fact is that, despite his blithe assertions to the contrary, schools in areas of very 
high immigration find it desperately difficult to cope with so many children who don't 
even have basic English. Other services, such as health or housing, are similarly being 
overwhelmed by the sheer weight of numbers.
But the most shattering revelation was that this policy of mass immigration was not 
introduced to produce nannies or cleaners for the likes of Neather. It was to destroy 
Britain's identity and transform it into a multicultural society where British attributes 
would have no greater status than any other country's.
A measure of immigration is indeed good for a country. But this policy was not to 
enhance British culture and society by broadening the mix. It was to destroy its defining 
character altogether.
It also conveniently guaranteed an increasingly Labour-voting electorate since, as a 
recent survey by the Electoral Commission has revealed, some 90 per cent of black 
people and three-quarters of Asians vote Labour.
In Neather's hermetically sealed bubble, the benefits of mass immigration were so 
overwhelming he couldn't understand why ministers had been so nervous about it.
They were, he wrote, reluctant to discuss what increased immigration would mean, 
above all to Labour's core white working class vote. So they deliberately kept it secret.
They knew that if they told the truth about what they were doing, voters would rise up in 
protest. So they kept it out of their election manifestos.
It was indeed a conspiracy to deceive the electorate into voting for them. And yet it is 
these very people who have the gall to puff themselves up in self-righteous astonishment 
at the rise of the BNP.
No wonder Jack Straw was so shifty on last week's Question Time when he was asked 
whether it was the Government's failure to halt immigration which lay behind increasing 
support for the BNP.
Now we know it was no such failure of policy. It was deliberate. For the government of 
which Straw is such a long- standing member had secretly plotted to flood the country 
with immigrants to change its very character and identity.

