# 2.16 Why the discipline of Sociology must be completely removed from Academia

> 原文页码: 370-372

This more than any other reason is why Nick Griffin has gained so much support. 
According to a YouGov poll taken after Question Time, no fewer than 22 per cent of 
British voters would 'seriously consider' voting for the BNP.
That nearly one quarter of British people might vote for a neo-Nazi party with views 
inimical to democracy, human rights and common decency is truly appalling.
The core reason is that for years they have watched as their country's landscape has 
been transformed out of all recognition - and that politicians from all mainstream parties 
have told them first that it isn't happening and second, that they are racist bigots to 
object even if it is.
Now the political picture has been transformed overnight by the unguarded candour of 
Andrew Neather's eye-opening superciliousness. For now we know that Labour politicians 
actually caused this to happen - and did so out of total contempt for their own core 
voters.
As Neather sneered, the jobs filled by immigrant workers 'certainly wouldn't be taken by 
unemployed BNP voters from Barking or Burnley - fascist au pair, anyone?'
So that's how New Labour views the white working class, supposedly the very people it is 
in politics to champion. Who can wonder that its core vote is now decamping in such 
large numbers to the BNP when Labour treats them like this?
Condemned out of its own mouth, it is New Labour that is responsible for the rise of the 
BNP - by an act of unalloyed treachery to the entire nation.
Source:
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-1222977/MELANIE-PHILLIPS-The-outrageous-truth-slips-Labour-cynically-plotted-
transform-entire-make-Britain-telling-us.html
2.16 Why the discipline of Sociology must be completely removed from 
Academia 
Marx is considered to be the greatest contributor to the science of sociology primarily due 
to his analysis of capitalist societies and the various alleged injustices and economic 
failures that they produce, and suggested socialist remedies. The discipline of sociology 
appeals to Marxists and bleeding heart liberals who would rather blame others for their 
problems than take personal ownership of these problems.
The sociology discipline is described as the revolutionary “tools for change” by Marxist 
intellectuals as it contributes to institutionalise cultural Marxism/multiculturalism. Modern 
sociology provides an examination of the pivotal theories of Marx, Durkheim, Weber and 
Comte, the authors that have decisively shaped the discipline. 
Students of sociology are taught how the public apparatus may be used (by deliberately 
manipulating statistics, and rejecting all aspects of biology) to portray and propagate a 
Marxist world view. Any and all faculties of sociology in the European world (US/Europe) 
are therefore in many ways Marxist indoctrination camps where the students learn how 
to infiltrate public institutions and covertly contribute to change the character of society 
by presenting falsified reports and statistics.  
Sociology is fundamentally anti capitalist and anti traditionalist (anti-nationalist, 
-patriarchal, - Christendom) and as such; anti-European by design. Furthermore, a large 
percentage (90%+) of sociologists refuse to acknowledge biology as relevant and instead 
proclaim that environment is the cause of all human behaviour. 
In order to defeat one of the most devastating academic weapons of the cultural 
Marxists/multiculturalists, we must destroy/ban the discipline of sociology completely.
Sociology students are indoctrinated by learning (from a Marxist point of view) what is 
wrong in the world. As such, they are transformed into academic Marxist revolutionaries.
So why did the conservative post-WW2 European elites allow the discipline of sociology to 
exist and its propagators to operate freely at our universities?
The European elites at the time, underestimated the discipline as it could not directly 
affect the “important aspects/sectors” of society (according to their definition); defence 
(police/military), law and finance. Needless to say, this was a critical mistake because the 
discipline of Marxist sociology would later prove to significantly contribute to shape the 
cultural/social structures of our societies which lead to the 68 cultural Marxist revolts in 
the European world. 
Apologists of sociology have successfully prevented the removal of the discipline using 
the following arguments:
Sociology aims to explain what is, not what could be. The students learn about 
everything that is wrong in the world (from a Marxist narrative) but NOT “specifically” 
how to change it. However, as we all know the students indirectly learn how to change 
our societies as they study other aspects of Marxism. 
Imagine the following; the sociology students learned about what is wrong in the world 
from a Nazi narrative, that the Jew is the root of all evil. Wouldn’t that have lead them to 
draw their own conclusions based on the self study of Nazi intellectual works (that the 
Jew had to be killed)? Of course it would. Regardless of which ideological narrative is 
chosen, the student will be brainwashed in that particular ideological direction. 
The Marxist (cultural Marxist) revolutionary disciplines (disciplines of the Frankfurt 
school) are not limited to sociology, however; philosophy and journalism are highly 
affected by the same level of Marxist indoctrination. Their academic weapons are to 
deliberate spread their falsified and corrupted Marxist world view through statistics, 
reports and articles with the aim to glorify the Marxist/multiculturalist world view and to 
effectively undermine nationalistic/conservative/capitalist thought. These individuals 
must not be underestimated as they are usually very influential in society (which is the 
reason why 95% of them are categorised as category B traitors). 
(Related professions: psychologists and social workers)
Political sociologists
Offices infiltrated by sociologists (or individuals who has a sociology major):
Public administrative positions (usually government and public agencies that administer 
human services).
Sectors heavily infiltrated with individuals who have taken a sociology 
degree/courses in sociology:
Census analyst
Community organizer
Consultant
Criminal justice planner
Demographer
Diversity related professions
Health and Family Planning
Interviewer
Jury Consultant
Labour relations
Law enforcement officer
Market researcher
Mediator
Military
Ministry
Non-profit Organizations (leaders)
NGOs (leaders)
Personnel Management
Planning Departments in various agencies
Politics
Population analyst
Public opinion pollster
Publishing - editing, research and sales
Prisons
Psychiatric social worker
Recreation worker
Researcher
Rural sociologist
School social worker
Social services volunteer coordinator
Social worker
Sociology professor
State and Local Agencies
Substance abuse counsellor
Teaching and counselling - high school, college, university
Training and development
Sociology bachelor’s degree as background for graduate school in: 
Journalism
Law
Medicine
Divinity School
Education
Political Science
Economics
Business Administration
Apolitical sociologists
A small minority of sociologists are not considered traitors as they are apolitical. 
An alternative instead of a complete removal of the discipline of sociology from 
academia

