# 2.17 The psychology of cultural Marxists

> 原文页码: 373-375

Instead of destroying the discipline of sociology by removing it, an alternative approach 
is to completely reform it; replacing the Marxist ideological view with a conservative/anti-
Marxist by instead using ideological fundaments from the following works/authors; 
The Bible
Machiavelli  
George Orwell
Thomas Hobbes 
John Stuart Mill
John Locke 
Adam Smith 
Edmund Burke 
Ayn Rand 
William James 
2.17 The psychology of cultural Marxists
“An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.”
Winston Churchill
One of the most widespread manifestations of the craziness of our world is 
multiculturalism, so a discussion of the psychology of multiculturalists can serve as an 
introduction to the discussion of the problems of Western Europe in general.
   
But what is multiculturalism or Cultural Communism? The 
movement is fragmented and it is not clear who can properly be 
called a cultural Marxist. When we speak of cultural Marxists in 
this article we have in mind mainly individuals who support 
multiculturalism; socialists, collectivists, "politically correct" 
types, feminists, gay and disability activists, animal rights 
activists, environmentalists etc. But not everyone who is 
associated with one of these movements support 
multiculturalism. What we are trying to get at in discussing 
cultural Marxists is not so much a movement or an ideology as a 
psychological type, or rather a collection of related types. 
   
Our conception of cultural Marxists will remain a good deal less clear than we would wish, 
but there doesn't seem to be any remedy for this. All we are trying to do is indicate in a 
rough and approximate way the two psychological tendencies that we believe are the 
main driving force of modern multiculturalism. We by no means claim to be telling the 
WHOLE truth about cultural Marxist psychology. Also, our discussion is meant to apply to 
modern cultural Marxists only. 
   
The two psychological tendencies that underlie cultural Marxists we call "feelings of 
inferiority" and "over-socialisation." Feelings of inferiority are characteristic of cultural 
Marxism as a whole, while over-socialisation is characteristic only of a certain segment of 
cultural Marxism; but this segment is highly influential.
Feelings of inferiority
   
By "feelings of inferiority" we mean not only inferiority feelings in the strictest sense but 
a whole spectrum of related traits: low self-esteem, feelings of powerlessness, depressive 
tendencies, defeatism, guilt, self-hatred, etc. We argue that cultural Marxists tend to 
have such feelings (possibly more or less repressed) and that these feelings are decisive 
in determining the direction of cultural Marxism.
When someone interprets as derogatory almost anything that is said about him (or about 
groups with whom he identifies) we conclude that he has inferiority feelings or low self-
esteem. This tendency is pronounced among minority rights advocates, whether or not 
they belong to the minority groups whose rights they defend. They are hypersensitive 
about the words used to designate minorities. The terms "negro," "oriental," 
"handicapped" or "chick" for an African, an Asian, a disabled person or a woman 
originally had no derogatory connotation. "Broad" and "chick" were merely the feminine 
equivalents of "guy," "dude" or "fellow." The negative connotations have been attached to 
these terms by the activists themselves. Some animal rights advocates have gone so far 
as to reject the word "pet" and insist on its replacement by "animal companion." Leftist 
anthropologists go to great lengths to avoid saying anything about primitive peoples that 
could conceivably be interpreted as negative.
They have now replaced the word "primitive" by "non-literate." They seem almost 
paranoid about anything that might suggest that any primitive culture is inferior to our 
own. (We do not mean to imply that primitive cultures ARE inferior to ours. We merely 
point out the hypersensitivity of leftist anthropologists.)
 
Those who are most sensitive about "politically incorrect" terminology are not the 
average black ghetto-dweller, Asian immigrant, abused woman or disabled person, but a 
minority of activists, many of whom do not even belong to any "oppressed" group but 
come from privileged strata of society. Political correctness has its stronghold among 
government employees, politicians, university professors and journalists and publishers 
in government broadcasting companies who have secure employment with comfortable 
salaries, and the majority of whom are heterosexual, ethnic Europeans from middle-class 
families.
   
Many cultural Marxists have an intense identification with the problems of groups that 
have an image of being weak (women), “so called” oppressed minorities, repellent 
(homosexuals), and other groups in the “victim hierarchy”. The cultural Marxists 
themselves feel that these groups are inferior. They would never admit it to themselves 
that they have such feelings, but it is precisely because they do see these groups as 
inferior that they identify with their problems. (We do not suggest that women, Muslims, 
etc., ARE inferior; we are only making a point about cultural Marxist psychology).
   
Feminists are desperately anxious to prove that women are as strong and capable as 
men. Clearly they are nagged by a fear that women may NOT be as strong and as 
capable as men.
   
Cultural Marxists tend to hate anything that has an image of being strong, good and 
successful. They hate Europe, America, they hate Western civilisation, they hate white 
males, and they hate rationality. The reasons that cultural Marxists give for hating the 
West, etc. clearly do not correspond with their real motives. They SAY they hate the West 
because it is warlike, imperialistic, sexist, ethnocentric and so forth, but where these 
same faults appear in socialist countries or in primitive cultures, the leftist finds excuses 
for them, or at best he GRUDGINGLY admits that they exist; whereas he 
ENTHUSIASTICALLY points out (and often greatly exaggerates) these faults where they 
appear in Western civilisation. Thus it is clear that these faults are not the leftist's real 
motive for hating Europe, America and the West. He hates the West because they are 
strong and successful.
   
Words like "self-confidence," "self-reliance," "initiative", "enterprise," "optimism," etc. 
play little role in the cultural Marxist vocabulary. The leftist is anti-individualistic, pro-
collectivist. He wants society to solve everyone's needs for them, take care of them. He 
is not the sort of person who has an inner sense of confidence in his own ability to solve 
his own problems and satisfy his own needs. The cultural Marxist is antagonistic to the 
concept of competition because, deep inside, he feels like a loser.
Art forms that appeal to cultural Marxist intellectuals tend to focus on sordidness, defeat 
and despair, or else they take an orgiastic tone, throwing off rational control as if there 
were no hope of accomplishing anything through rational calculation and all that was left 
was to immerse oneself in the sensations of the moment.
   
cultural Marxist philosophers tend to dismiss reason, science, objective reality and to 
insist that everything is culturally relative. It is true that one can ask serious questions 
about the foundations of scientific knowledge and about how, if at all, the concept of 
objective reality can be defined. But it is obvious that cultural Marxist philosophers are 
not simply cool-headed logicians systematically analyzing the foundations of knowledge. 
They are deeply involved emotionally in their attack on truth and reality. They attack 
these concepts because of their own psychological needs. For one thing, their attack is an 
outlet for hostility, and, to the extent that it is successful, it satisfies the drive for power. 
More importantly, the cultural Marxist hates science and rationality because they classify 
certain beliefs as true (i.e., successful, superior) and other beliefs as false (i.e. failed, 
inferior). The cultural Marxist feelings of inferiority run so deep that he/she cannot 
tolerate any classification of some things as successful or superior and other things as 
failed or inferior. This also underlies the rejection by many cultural Marxists of the 
concept of mental illness and of the utility of IQ tests. cultural Marxists are antagonistic 
to genetic explanations of human abilities or behaviour because such explanations tend 
to make some persons appear superior or inferior to others. Cultural Marxists prefer to 
give society the credit or blame for an individual's ability or lack of it. Thus if a person is 
"inferior" it is not his fault, but society's, because he has not been brought up properly.
   
The cultural Marxist is not typically the kind of person whose feelings of inferiority make 
him/her a braggart, an egotist, a bully, a self-promoter, a ruthless competitor. This kind 
of person has not wholly lost faith in himself. He has a deficit in his sense of power and 
self-worth, but he can still conceive of himself as having the capacity to be strong, and 
his efforts to make himself strong produce his unpleasant behaviour. [1] But the cultural 
Marxist is too far gone for that. His feelings of inferiority are so ingrained that he cannot 
conceive of himself as individually strong and valuable; hence the collectivism of the 
cultural Marxist. She can feel strong only as a member of a large organisation or a mass 
movement with which she identifies herself.
   
Notice the masochistic tendency of cultural Marxist tactics. Cultural Marxists protest by 
lying down in front of vehicles, they intentionally provoke police or racists to abuse them, 
etc. These tactics may often be effective, but many cultural Marxists use them not as a 
means to an end but because they PREFER masochistic tactics. Self-hatred is a cultural 
Marxist trait.
   
Cultural Marxists may claim that their activism is motivated by compassion or by moral 
principle, and moral principle does play a role for the cultural Marxist of the over-
socialised type. But compassion and moral principle cannot be the main motives for 
cultural Marxist activism. Hostility is too prominent a component of cultural Marxist 
behaviour; so is the drive for power. Moreover, much cultural Marxist behaviour is not 
rationally calculated to be of benefit to the people whom they claim to be trying to help. 
For example, if one believes that affirmative action is good for Muslims, does it make 
sense to demand affirmative action in hostile or dogmatic terms? Obviously it would be 
more productive to take a diplomatic and conciliatory approach that would make at least 
verbal and symbolic concessions to non-Muslims who think that affirmative action 

