# 2.18 Democracy and the Media Bias

> 原文页码: 376-379

discriminates against them. But cultural Marxist activists do not take such an approach 
because it would not satisfy their emotional needs. Helping Muslims is not their real goal. 
Instead, problems related to Islam serve as an excuse for them to express their own 
hostility and frustrated need for power. In doing so they actually harm Muslims, because 
the activists' hostile attitude toward the non-Muslims tends to intensify the irritation or 
hatred.
   
If our society had no social problems at all, the cultural Marxists would have to INVENT 
problems in order to provide themselves with an excuse for making a fuss.
   
We emphasise that the foregoing does not pretend to be an accurate description of 
everyone who might be considered a cultural Marxist. It is only a rough indication of a 
general tendency of cultural Marxism.
2.18 Democracy and the Media Bias 
By Fjordman 
In democratic societies the press, the Fourth Estate, should supposedly make sure that 
the government does its job properly as well as raise issues of public interest. In 
practice, we now seem to have a situation where the political elites cooperate with the 
media on making sure that some topics receive insufficient or unbalanced attention while 
others are simply kept off the agenda altogether. This isn't the case with all issues but 
with some more than others, especially those related to multiculturalism, mass 
immigration and anti-discrimination where there seems to be a near-consensus among 
the elites. Together they form a new political class. This trend is recognizable all over the 
Western world, but it has become more deeply entrenched in Western Europe than in the 
USA, partly because more media outlets in Europe are either controlled by or at least 
sponsored by the state, but mainly because the political class has become formalised 
through the European Union.
In Europe, politics is more and more becoming an empty ritual. The real decisions are 
taken before the public even get a chance to vote on them, and the media won't talk 
honestly about important matters. Our daily lives are run by a bloated bureaucracy which 
is becoming increasingly transnational. Ever so slowly, everyone is reduced from being an 
individual to being a cogwheel in a giant machine, run by supposedly well-meaning 
administrators and technocrats. They don't really care about you; they just don't want 
anybody to rock the boat, so they constantly grease the bureaucratic machinery with lies.
In 2007, former German president Roman Herzog warned that parliamentary democracy 
was under threat from the European Union. Between 1999 and 2004, 84 percent of the 
legal acts in Germany – and the majority in all EU member states - stemmed from 
Brussels. According to Herzog, "EU policies suffer to an alarming degree from a lack of 
democracy and a de facto suspension of the separation of powers." Despite this, the EU 
was largely a non-issue during the 2005 German elections. One gets the feeling that the 
real issues of substance are kept off the table and are not subject to public debate. 
National elections are becoming an increasingly empty ritual. The important issues have 
already been settled beforehand behind closed doors.
As British politician Daniel Hannan says: "When all the politicians agree, the rest of us 
should suspect a plot against the ordinary citizen. Without all-party consensus – and this 
is true of all the Member States, not just Germany – the EU would never have got to 
where it is." He believes the EU was intentionally designed this way: "Its founding fathers 
understood from the first that their audacious plan to merge the ancient nations of 
Europe into a single polity would never succeed if each successive transfer of power had 
to be referred back to the voters for approval. So they cunningly devised a structure 
where supreme power was in the hands of appointed functionaries, immune to public 
opinion. Indeed, the EU's structure is not so much undemocratic as anti-democratic."
In the eyes of American theorist Noam Chomsky, "The smart way to keep people passive 
and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively 
debate within that spectrum." This is undoubtedly true, which is why it's strange that 
Chomsky thinks that the Internet, currently the freest medium of all, is "a hideous time-
waster."
In June 2004, a survey showed that 50% of all Swedes wanted a more restrictive 
immigration policy[1]. Mass immigration reached the highest levels in history in 2006, 
yet before the general elections that year, all the major parties and the media cooperated 
successfully on keeping a lid on the issue. During the past few elections in Sweden, there 
has been virtually no public debate about mass immigration, but a passionate debate 
about "gender equality" in which almost all contestants call themselves feminists, and 
only argue over which ways to implement absolute equality between the sexes. The more 
suffocating the censorship becomes regarding the problems created by Muslims, the 
more discussion there is of ways to get rid of the straitjackets of heterosexuality. This is 
clearly done in order to give the citizens the sense of living in an open, free and tolerant 
society. Diversity of sex is used as a substitute for diversity of political opinions. 
Author Bruce Bawer describes how before the rise of maverick politician Pim Fortuyn[2], 
the Dutch political scene had to a great extent been a closed club whose members, 
regardless of party affiliation, shared similar views in the widest possible sense. Most of 
the journalists belonged to the same club. If the majority of the populace didn't quite 
agree with this cozy elite regarding the most sensitive issues - and the most sensitive of 
them all was Muslim immigration - this hardly mattered much. Since all those who were 
in positions of power and influence were in basic agreement, the will of the people could 
safely be ignored.
According to Bawer, "Fortuyn had been an active politician for only a few months but had 
already shaken things up dramatically. Before him, Dutch politics had been essentially a 
closed club whose members shared broadly similar views on major issues and abhorred 
open conflict." Journalists and rival politicians alike - notice how they worked in lockstep - 
responded by smearing him "as a right-wing extremist, a racist, a new Mussolini or 
Hitler." Indirectly, this led to his murder by a left-wing activist who stated that he killed 
Fortuyn on behalf of Muslims because he was "dangerous" to minorities.
Later, the Islam-critic Theo van Gogh was murdered in broad daylight. As Bawer states, 
"In 2006, in a crisis that brought down the government, Ms. [Ayaan] Hirsi Ali was 
hounded out of Parliament by colleagues desperate to unload this troublemaker. When 
she moved to Washington, D.C., last year, polls showed that many Dutchmen wouldn't 
miss her. The elite, it seemed, had reasserted its power, and the Dutch people, tired of 
conflict, had embraced the status quo ante. (…) Five years ago, Fortuyn inspired 
widespread hope and determination. Today, all too many Dutch citizens seem confused, 
fearful, and resigned to gradual Islamisation. No wonder many of them — especially the 
young and educated — are emigrating to places like Canada, Australia, and New 
Zealand."
Pim Fortuyn was indirectly murdered by the political, cultural and media elites whereas 
Theo van Gogh was murdered by Muslims. Ayaan Hirsi Ali has been driven from the 
country. Islam-critic Geert Wilders is still there , but he is subject to similar smears as 
Fortuyn was about being a racist, receives daily threats from Muslims and not-so-subtle 
hints from the establishment that he should tone down his criticism of Muslim 
immigration. The Dutch spirit appears to have been broken, at least for now, and things 
are slowly returning to normal. The extended political elites are once again firmly in 
control of public debate, and the embarrassing peasant rebellion has been successfully 
struck down. 
I've suggested before that native Europeans face three enemies simultaneously when 
fighting against the Islamisation of their lands: Enemy 1 is the anti-Western bias of our 
media and academia, which is a common theme throughout the Western world. Enemy 2 
are Eurabians and EU-federalists, who deliberately break down established nation states 
in favor of a pan-European superstate. Enemy 3 are Muslims. The Netherlands from 2001 
to 2007 is a clear case in point where enemies 1, 2 and 3 have successfully cooperated 
on breaking down the spirit of the native population through intimidation and censorship 
and by squashing any opposition to continued mass immigration.
The fact that members of the media and the academia tend to be more, sometimes a lot 
more, left-leaning politically than the average populace is well-attested and documented 
in the Scandinavian countries. Senior members of the BBC in Britain frankly admit that 
they are biased and champion multiculturalism in their coverage. During the 2005 Muslim 
riots, it was openly stated by several French journalists that they downplayed the 
coverage of the riots because they didn't want it to benefit "right-wing parties." Judging 
from anecdotal information it seems fair to assume that this trend is universal throughout 
the Western world.
Bill Dedman, investigative reporter at the MSNBC, made a list of American journalists' 
political campaign contributions[3] from 2004 through the first quarter of 2007. Of the 
143 journalists surveyed, 125 had donated money to the Democratic Party. Only 16 of 
them had donated money to the Republican Party or conservative causes, and two to 
both parties.
Dr. Chanan Naveh, who used to edit the Israel Broadcasting Authority radio's news desk, 
mentioned, with no regrets, examples in which he and his colleagues made a concerted 
effort to change public opinion: "Three broadcasters - Carmela Menashe, Shelly 
Yechimovich [later a Labour party Knesset Member], and I - pushed in every way 
possible the withdrawal from Lebanon towards 2000... I have no doubt that we promoted 
an agenda of withdrawal that was a matter of public dispute." As Charles Johnson of 
American anti-Jihad blog Little Green Footballs[4] commented: "Journalists are no longer 
in the business of simply reporting facts and events; increasingly, they see their job as 
'activism,' and the points of view they promote are invariably leftist and transnationalist. 
Honest journalists will admit this outright, and we see the pernicious effects of this 
information manipulation and filtering everywhere."
But why is the situation like this? One could claim that this is the effect of the Western 
Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s, or alternatively a product of the Cold War. 
But if you believe the esteemed Friedrich Hayek, the trend was discernable already in the 
late 1940s, before the Cold War had left a major impact. How do we explain that ? One 
plausible hypothesis could be to assume that those with conservative viewpoints will 
generally direct their energies towards business and commerce, while those with left-
leaning sympathies desire to get into positions where they can influence people's minds. 
Over time, this could mean that in an open society, the media , the academia and the 
intelligentsia will tend to gravitate towards the political Left and become dominated by 
people sympathetic towards Utopian ideas. Because of the positions they have gained, 
their political bias will significantly influence what information is presented to the general 
masses, and how. 
In his essay The Intellectuals and Socialism, Hayek noted already around 1950 that 
"Socialism has never and nowhere been at first a working-class movement. It is a 
construction of theorists" and intellectuals, "the secondhand dealers in ideas. The typical 
intellectual need not possess special knowledge of anything in particular, nor need he 
even be particularly intelligent, to perform his role as intermediary in the spreading of 
ideas. The class does not consist of only journalists, teachers, ministers, lecturers , 
publicists, radio commentators , writers of fiction , cartoonists, and artists." It also 
"includes many professional men and technicians, such as scientists and doctors." 
"The most brilliant and successful teachers are today more likely than not to be 
socialists." According to Hayek, this is not because Socialists are more intelligent, but 
because "a much higher proportion of socialists among the best minds devote themselves 
to those intellectual pursuits which in modern society give them a decisive influence on 
public opinion. Socialist thought owes its appeal to the young largely to its visionary 
character. The intellectual, by his whole disposition, is uninterested in technical details or 
practical difficulties. What appeal to him are the broad visions."
He warns that "It may be that as a free society as we have known it carries in itself the 
forces of its own destruction, that once freedom has been achieved it is taken for granted 
and ceases to be valued, and that the free growth of ideas which is the essence of a free 
society will bring about the destruction of the foundations on which it depends. Does this 
mean that freedom is valued only when it is lost, that the world must everywhere go 
through a dark phase of socialist totalitarianism before the forces of freedom can gather 
strength anew? If we are to avoid such a development, we must be able to offer a new 
liberal program which appeals to the imagination. We must make the building of a free 
society once more an intellectual adventure, a deed of courage."
During a conversation I had with a Swedish friend and a lady who grew up in the 
Communist dictatorship of Romania, we concluded that Westerners are at least as 
brainwashed by Political Correctness and multiculturalism as they ever were with 
Communism. There never was a universally shared belief in multiculturalism in Western 
Europe, and the percentage of True Believers is declining by the day. Still, it is probably 
accurate to say that more people believed in multiculturalism in Western Europe in 1998 
than who believed in communism in Eastern Europe in 1978. But how is that possible?
Ideological indoctrination is most effective if the people maintain the illusion that they are 
free and that they are being served balanced information. Citizens in Communist states 
knew that they participated in a large-scale social experiment, and since ideological 
hegemony was upheld at gunpoint, this left little room for doubt that they were being 
served propaganda to shore up support for this project. Yet in the supposedly free West, 
we are taking part in a gigantic social experiment of Multiculturalism, seeking to 
transform our entire society, and still we refuse to acknowledge that we are being served 
ideological nonsense by the media. 
The differences, particularly on issues related to Jihad and immigration, between the 
information reported in blogs and independent websites[5] and the information 
presented to us by the established media are so great that it shocks many ordinary 
citizens once it dawns upon them just how much censored propaganda we are spoon-fed 
every day. This experience has shattered the myth of free, critical and independent 
Western media, at least for some.
In the view of blogger Richard Landes, the media play a critical role in the global Jihad's 
success. The major media outlets "are the eyes and ears of modern civil societies. 
Without them we cannot know what is going on outside of our personal sphere, with 
them we can make our democratic choices in elections, assess foreign policy, and 
intervene humanely in the suffering around the globe. But as any paleontologist will tell 
you, any creature whose eyes and ears misinform it about the environment, will not long 
survive." 
This can be compared to being attacked by an angry and hungry polar bear, while your 

