# 2.19 a. The EUSSR/USASSR Media hegemony

> 原文页码: 380-384

eyes and ears, the media, tell you that it's a cute koala bear who 
just wants to be cuddled. Meanwhile, your brain has been 
indoctrinated to think happy thoughts about diversity and smile 
to all creatures, regardless of their nature or intentions. This is 
pretty much how the entire West is today. The heavy bias of our 
media and our education system constitutes a very real threat to 
our survival. 
Sources:
http://democracyreform.blogspot.com/2007/08/democracy-and-media-bias-by-fjordman.html
1. http://www.thelocal.se/212/
2. http://www.nysun.com/article/53818
3. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/19113455
4. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=25757_Israeli_Media_Admit_Anti-War_Agenda&only
5. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/2108
2.19 a. The EUSSR/USASSR Media hegemony
"[In the West] unpopular ideas can be silenced, and inconvenient facts kept dark, without 
any need for an official ban."
George Orwell, UK writer
Why the Western media does not always report everything that is going on in the world. 
How language is used to obscure the facts and mold opinion.
Living in Western Europe we are told that the news media (television, newspapers, radio) 
are free. It is certainly true that there are few government conspiracies to censor. Unlike 
in totalitarian countries, the media is not generally state run or controlled. However this 
is not the full story. Because the media is part of the global economy, there are certain 
properties that deny readers, viewers and listeners a balanced view of world events.
There are six reasons why a balanced view of world events is not generally received in 
the Western European media:
1. 99% of journalists support multiculturalism
This is covered already (see other chapter).
2. Media Ownership
Most newspapers, television and radio stations are owned by large and powerful multi-
national companies.
In the USA, NBC and CBS (two television companies) are owned by international 
conglomerates such as General Electric and Westinghouse all supporting globalism and 
multiculturalism. Time-Warner and CNN merged in the late 1990s to form one of the 
largest news and media monopolies in the world, they too support globalism and 
multiculturalism. 
Stories that highlight problems related to multiculturalism and globalism are completely 
ignored. Stories that help the interests of the media owners and propagate globalism and 
multiculturalism are given prominence.
One man, John Malone, owns 23% of the world's cable stations. His Discovery Channel 
commissions programs after "market approval" and avoids "controversial subjects". The 
phrase "dumbing down" has entered the language as television concentrates on gossip 
and celebrity stories rather than serious issues.
The situation is similar in Western Europe. In the UK, News International (a company 
mostly owned by Rupert Murdoch) owns several newspapers (including The Times and 
The Sun), Sky Television (a major European satellite operator), Star Television (covering 
Asia) and publishers like Harper Collins.
In 1998, Rupert Murdoch owned 34% of the daily newspapers and 37% of the Sunday 
newspapers in the UK. Successive UK governments have allowed his empire to grow in 
return for his media's support.
53% of UK newspaper and magazine distribution is controlled by just two companies, WH 
Smith and John Menzies. 
Cross-media ownership and the fact that a small number of people own so many of our 
means of obtaining information is a threat as it institutionalises globalism and 
multiculturalism. 
3. Advertising and ratings
"We paid $3 billion for these television stations. We will decide what the news is. The news 
is what we tell you it is."
David Boylan, Station Manager WTVT, Tampa,
When the media depends on advertising, the advertisers can exert pressure. A large 
media conglomerate may be able to absorb the loss of advertisers but a smaller, 
alternative newspaper or radio station may be pushed out of business. Advertisers 
frequently use their influence to stop stories detrimental to their interests.
In a 1992 survey in the UK, 150 newspaper editors stated that 90% of their advertisers 
had interfered with stories; 70% of the advertisers had tried to stop stories. 40% of the 
editors had succumbed to pressure from advertisers and made the changes requested.
In the UK in 1990, new laws meant that TV news had to make a profit. This has led to a 
decline in serious news items and more emphasis on "human interest" stories and 
celebrity "news". Advertisers want viewers; ratings become more important than giving 
information; the news companies abandon investigative journalism to "give the public 
what it wants".
Deregulation has meant that requirements to produce in-depth public affairs 
programming were removed. Programs that cover "controversial" subjects are screened 
at late hours or completely ignored.
As the number of commercial radio stations increases, the output becomes more bland 
and more predictable.
4. News Sources
"We have relationships with reporters that have helped us turn some intelligence failure 
stories into intelligence success stories. Some responses to the media can be handled in 
a ... phone call."
CIA Report
News is often given out by government sources.
Statements, statistics and new policies are introduced in controlled press conferences. 
Journalists who consistently question the official line too rigorously may be excluded from 
access. This is bad for a newspaper which relies on fast and fresh news.
In a conflict situation, a process called pooling is used to control what information is 
given out. A small number of journalists (sometimes only one) are taken by the military 
to observe and the news is then shared with other journalists. Journalists who attempt to 
obtain news independently can be excluded from future events.
90% of the world's news comes from just three agencies: Associated Press (USA), 
Reuters (UK) and Agence France Presse (France), all supporting globalism and 
multiculturalism. Associated Press (AP) and Reuters make large profits selling financial 
and corporate information. The "free market" view of the world is thus very profitable. 
Alternate views can lose the companies money so are rarely aired.
In television, news is supplied by four main agencies: Reuters and the BBC (from the UK) 
and World Television Network (WTN) and CNN (from the USA), all supporting globalism 
and multiculturalism. Reuters supplies over 400 broadcasters in 85 countries and reaches 
an audience of 500 million people. WTN supplies news to 3,000 million people.
All the above agencies support multiculturalism and globalism. News critical of multiculti 
and globalism is rarely allowed to be distributed.
As the internet is a good source of alternative news, it is expected that the 
EUSSR/USASSR hegemony is likely to make a push to limit alternative coverage in the 
coming decades. 
5. Negative Responses
Western European multiculturalist regimes actively put their policies across by using their 
loyal subjects the MSM, briefings, interviews and publications.
It is impossible to effectively criticize the multiculturalist MSM hegemony as they make 
out 98% of the news companies and control 95% of the news distribution in Western 
Europe. Alternative news distribution on the internet (5% and increasing) is under attack 
as well and it is likely that new EUSSR “hate laws” will make it illegal to criticise 
multiculturalism and Islam in the future. 
6. Demonisation and Use of Language
"There are certain facts and stories from Korea that editors and publishers have printed 
which were pure fabrications... Many of us who sent the stories knew they were false, but 
we had to write them because they were official releases from responsible military 
headquarters and were released for publication even though the people responsible knew 
they were untrue."
Robert C Miller, United Press correspondent during the Korean War.
Nationalists/conservatives are always portrayed in a de-humanising manner.
Dissident views are undermined by demonising the people or organisations that have 
these views.
Smear campaign describing right wing dissidents as “Fascist Geert”, etc. is common on a 
pan-European, national and local level. The views of patriots/nationalists are always 
undermined by depicting them as freaks (negative highlights from their past will be used, 
or will be created). 
Certain phrases are used to hide or distort dissident views. Dissident views are described 
as extreme and those who hold these views as extremists. Others are labelled as racists, 
fascists, Nazis, conspiracy theorists, militants or other disparaging names. Their views 
are meant to be ignored and are rarely argued against coherently.
When persecution is undertaken and intensified in the future by the Western European 
multiculturalist regimes, the opponents are demonised and the action justified by using a 
phrase such as: War on Fascism
Forces resisting the illegal Western European multiculturalist regimes are described as 
terrorists or right wing extremists. The phase indigenous resistance, resistance fighter is 
never as this would indicate a general resistance to the multiculturalist regimes.
2.19 b. The Western European multiculturalist regimes subsidise 
multiculturalist newspapers
People should be aware of the methods used by the Western European cultural 
Marxist/multiculturalist regimes covertly subsidises its propaganda channels; the MSM 
(mainstream media). The so called “free press” in Western Europe is a myth and has 
never existed, despite our regimes unwavering efforts to tell us that this is the case. In 
many (if not all) Western European countries, only newspapers who support 
multiculturalism receives subsidy by the national regime and this has often been the case 
since the ideology of cultural Marxism/multiculturalism was implemented in the 50s, 60s 
or 70s (depending on country). For Norway and Sweden it has existed since the 70s.
The following overview documents how the multiculturalist regime in Norway subsidises 
multiculturalist propaganda newspapers (MSM) under an arrangement which can only 
resemble that of the former USSR. And yet, the Western European regimes dare calling 
themselves democratic. All newspaper opposing or critical of multiculturalism has by 
default lost any opportunity to receive the same subsidies resulting in a scenario where 
they struggle to provide efficient distribution for their products and thus for the 
marketing of their world view. The end result of this policy is that all media companies 
feel inclined to adapt to and adopt a multiculturalist view (a majority adapted to and 
adopted the “state view” during the 70s and 80s). These state subsidy arrangements is 
one of several reasons why there are now extremely few newspapers in Western Europe 
who are critical of multiculturalism. In many countries, such as Norway and Sweden, 
there isn’t a single newspaper representing the cultural conservatives…! The following 
guide illustrates how the Norwegian cultural Marxist/multiculturalist regime 
undemocratically subsidises the MSM to ensure that they remain loyal and forward the 
globalist/cultural Marxist/multiculturalist world view of the Norwegian Labour Party. I 
have not been able to create similar overviews for all Western European countries but I 
know similar practices exist in several countries. 
The following overview illustrates how the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist 
elites of Norway fund their propaganda channels:
Newspapers in support of 
cultural 
Marxism/multiculti
Daily Distribution
(2009)
Direct Subsidy
(2009 - Euro)
Indirect Subsidy*
(1999 - Euro)
VG
262 374
26 875 000
Aftenposten
243 188
15 750 000
Dagbladet
105 255
15 125 000
Dagsavisen
31 400
4 800 000
1 750 000
Bergens Tidende
83 086
5 250 000
Adresseavisen
75 835
4 625 000
Bergensavisen
29 300
4 200 000
1 750 000
Vårt Land
27 000
4 500 000
1 500 000
Stavanger Aftenblad
65 298
3 625 000
Smaller publications in support of multiculti and other left wing extremist publications receiving direct or 
indirect financial support from the cultural Marxist/multicultural regime of Norway 
Nationen
16 000
3 125 000
Klassekampen
11 400
2 625 000
(Marxist extremist views)
Rogalands Avis
12 500
1 500 000
Dagen
10 700
1 250 000
Newspapers in opposition to the cultural Marxist/multiculturalist world view
Norge IDAG
Lost subsidy in 
2008
Conservative Christian newspaper
Document.no
Not applied as they will never be approved
* - indirect subsidy means that the newspapers do not have to pay sales tax on their products. 
Source: Numbers for direct/indirect subsidies are from 1999, daily publishing numbers are from 
2009 but are not far from 1999 numbers http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pressest%C3%B8tte
 This above financial compensation, referred to as “press subsidy” (pressestøtte) is only 
given to certain companies after approval by the Norwegian Department of Culture, or 
more specifically: the Norwegian Media Authority (Medietilsynet) which council consists of 
cultural Marxist/multiculturalist members. 

