# 2.20 Pro Muslim media strategies

> 原文页码: 385-386

 It is well known among Norwegian right wing political “dissidents” that the specific 
committee in this department has a very hostile view on all entities in opposition to 
multiculturalism. The only right wing newspaper, Norge IDAG (Christian) lost their 
subsidy in 2008, because the cultural Marxist committee in the Department of Culture 
decided that it was “best this way”.      
I have not had the capacity to research all Western European countries when it comes to 
public subsidy of newspapers/news agencies in support of multiculturalism but I assume 
that equivalent systems have been set up by the other Western European regimes. 
Protecting their press/propaganda hegemony is one of their primary goals and is a 
concealed form of dictatorship rule which is unknown to 90% of patriotic Europeans.  
The MA 100 alliance will do everything in their power to prevent the truth from coming 
out. 
2.20 Pro Muslim media strategies
The following article from the Norwegian News corporation, VG, dated November 20th is 
a typical example of so called “free journalism” in Western Europe. The article shows two 
vandalised Muslim graves, allegedly perpetrated by Jews.
Jewish settlers vandalised mosque in Hebron – 20.11.08
http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/midtosten/artikkel.php?artid=534113
What’s typical with these articles is that they are quite carefully chosen by an unknown 
journalist in VG and are often just taken from larger news databases, in this case NTB. 
The journalist hasn’t signed this article so it is impossible for us to track which individual 
was responsible for this action but he obviously got the approval of VG management. 
This propaganda warfare has been ongoing for decades in Western Europe. 
Now, when we check the Islamist database over Jihadi attacks that day located here:
http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks-2008.htm
it shows that 28 individuals were killed in 5 different Jihadi attacks that day.
Let’s summarise the attacks:
Date
Country
Area
Killed
Injured
Comment
2008.11.20
Pakistan
Swat
1
0
A local man is murdered by the Taliban for helping a 
Chinese engineer escape abduction.
2008.11.20
Pakistan
Bajau
r
9
6
A suicide bomber enters a rival mosque and takes out 
nine innocents.
2008.11.20
Afghanistan
Khost
8
13
A Fedayeen suicide bomber detonates outside an office 
building, sending eight Afghans to Allah.
2008.11.20
Iraq
Kut
5
0
Sunni extremists invade a home and kill five residents, 
including children.
2008.11.20
Iraq
Mosul
5
0
Two women are among five people murdered by 
terrorists while sitting in their vehicle.
Those were only the Muslim atrocities documented by that website alone. You can most 
likely add that a 100-200 native Europeans were either murdered, raped, beaten or 
robbed by Muslims living in Europe that day but these kind of attacks are not politically 
correct to report. 
 The fact that Western Journalists again and again systematically ignores serious Muslim 
attacks and rather focus on the Jews only adds to the stockpile of proof that all Western 
journalists support the EU’s Eurabia project, their enemy (based on coverage) is the 
Israeli and also often the Russian government.
Western European journalists, editors and publishers are guilty of facilitating Muslim 
crime (Jihad) by underreporting it. 
These few examples of pro-Muslim propaganda illustrates that the Western European 
population are spoon fed with inaccuracies every single day. There are thousands of 
similar cases on a yearly basis. Obviously, not all articles about Islam are positive, but 
there is a disproportional balance that indirectly or directly protects Islam. Jihadi attacks 
are systematically covered up, ignored or toned down by Western journalists. There are 
more than 50 Jihadi terrorist attacks per month (on civilian targets, mostly non-
Muslims). Yet, we only hear about one or two of these, usually accompanied with a 
similar dose of anti Israel/Russian propaganda to create an illusion that non-Muslims are 
just as “bad” as all the Muslim nuts combined.
Jihadi attacks per month
50 Jihadi attacks on non Muslims (Usually on native Europeans and in Thailand, 
Philippines, China, Dagestan, Chechnya, Turkey, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Somalia, Algeria). 
Several examples are classical Jihadi beheadings (not in Europe). Not to mention the 
outreach of contemporary slavery of Christians, Hindus in Muslim countries. There are 
thousands of examples of non-Muslim slaves in Muslim countries (who are slaves because 
they refuse to embrace Islam) and Western journalists are systematically ignoring it. 
Furthermore, there are several hundred thousand Christians and Animists in Sudan who 
have been systematically killed in the greatest modern Jihad in the 21st century, with 
funding of Saudi Arabia and even the US. Why do the journalists refuse to document 
these atrocities? 
The answer is simple. Telling the truth would undermine multiculturalism (the 
Islamisation of Europe).
 
Western journalists and the UN are ignoring the biggest Jihadi genocide of modern times 
and usually only focus on the Congo conflict instead (the Ummah isn’t involved here so 
it’s a “politically correct” issue).

