# 2.21 Questions and polls your government and news agencies have disallowed

> 原文页码: 387-387

Ministerial orders not to use specific words – Muslim, crime, terrorist etc.
There are several guides in “political correctness” that have to be followed by media 
companies and parliamentarians in some Western European countries.
An eight-page Whitehall guide lists words they should not use when talking about terrorism 
in public and gives politically correct alternatives.
They are told not to refer to Muslim extremism as it links Islam to violence. Instead, they 
are urged to talk about terrorism or violent extremism.
Fundamentalist and Jihadi are also banned because they make an "explicit link" between 
Muslims and terror.
Ministers should say criminals, murderers or thugs instead. Radicalisation must be called 
brainwashing and talking about moderate or radical Muslims is to be avoided as it "splits 
the community".
Islamophobia is also out as it is received as "a slur that singles out Muslims".
The guide, produced by the secretive Research, 
Information and Communications Unit in the Home Office, 
tell ministers to "avoid implying that specific communities 
are to blame" for terrorism. It says more than 2,000 
people are engaged in terror plots.
The guidance was branded "daft" last night by a special 
adviser to ex-Communities Secretary Hazel Blears. Paul 
Richards said: "Unless you can describe what you're up 
against, you're never going to defeat it. Ministers need to 
be leading the debate on Islamic extremism and they can't 
do that if they have one hand tied behind their back."
The Home Office said: "This is about using appropriate 
language to have counter-terrorism impact. It would be foolish to do anything else."
Source:
http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/2759618/Ministers-told-Dont-call-Islamic-extremists-Islamic-extremists.html
2.21 Questions and polls your government and news agencies have disallowed
Ask yourself, why haven’t the following polls and questions been raised and presented to 
Europeans?

