# 2.22 Dealing with journalists - authorising your own character assassination by the multiculturalist PC press.

> 原文页码: 388-389

1.
Do you support mass Muslim immigration?
2.
Do you support the Islamisation of Europe?
3.
Do you trust your government’s statistics provided and their intentions in regards to mass 
Muslim immigration?
4.
Do you support the implementation of the EU’s Eurabia project?
5.
Do you want Europe to merge with the Islamic world?
6.
Do you see the Islamisation as a threat to European cultures and to the future stability of 
Europe?
7.
Do you support the building of mosques in Europe as long as it is illegal to build Churches 
in Saudi Arabia and other Islamic countries?
8.
Would you support expelling Muslims if it was proven that they preached hate or 
intolerance towards non-Muslims?
9.
Would you support revoking citizenship of Muslims if it was proved that they acted hateful 
towards and conspiring against non-Muslims?
10. Would you support your government and military if they attempted to stop the current 
Islamic demographic warfare (through mass Muslim immigration and average birth rates of 
3-4) being waged on Europe by the Global Islamic Ummah? 
11. Would you support the deportation of Muslims from Europe if it was proved that they were 
involved in Islamic demographic warfare (through mass Muslim immigration and average 
birth rates of 3-4) against Europe?
12. Would you support the creation of armed resistance groups if it was proven that your 
government and other elected officials conspired against the people by implementing an 
ideology (multiculturalism) whose purpose is the eradication of European culture, 
traditions, European identity, Christendom (cultural genocide) and by allowing Islamic 
demographic warfare (indirect genocide of Europeans)?
13. Would you support pre-emptive strikes initiated by these armed resistance groups against 
your government if it was proven that they (and the majority of parliament) conspired 
against the people by implementing an ideology whose purpose is the eradication of 
European culture (cultural genocide) and by allowing Islamic demographic warfare (indirect 
genocide of Europeans)?
Everyone knows how the majority would respond if these questions or polls were 
presented. 
An overwhelming NO, to question 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7 and an overwhelming YES to 6, 8, 9, 
10, 11, 12, 13
This is the reason why NO news agency or government institutions have presented these 
questions or polls. It is beyond doubt that the Western European governments have 
systematically acted against the wishes of the majority of Europeans for decades (by 
systematically acting deceitful). And they plan to continue to do so until ethnic Europeans 
are no longer the majority.
2.22 Dealing with journalists - authorising your own character assassination by 
the multiculturalist PC press.
When being confronted, approach all journalists with extreme prejudice. Several 
overviews confirm that Western European journalists are not representative of the 
opinion of the people but instead represent a cultural Marxist, humanist and globalist 
world view. A Norwegian poll conducted in 2009 showed that 98% of Norwegian 
journalism students supported political parties in support of multiculturalism[1] (whereas 
only 50% of the native population show support), 70%+ support socialist parties 
(whereas only 50% of the native population show support). As cultural conservatives and 
anti-multiculturalists we are by default perceived as enemies and we should be aware of 
this prior to any encounter. European news agencies are not objective in any way, they 
are not free. Instead, journalists should be considered as multiculturalist political warriors 
and overwhelmingly left wing political activists with a clear and defined political agenda 
working systematically to contribute to safeguard the political doctrines of 
multiculturalism and political correctness in general. As a cultural conservative, agreeing 
to interviews unconditionally would be the same as authorising your own “character 
assassination”. They will cross cut any given interview and label you as a racist, fascist or 
Nazi. If there are no links to racists, fascists or Nazis they will create these links. F 
example, they will review all your facebook contacts and actively look for anyone or 
anything (even small insignificant factors) in order to link you to anything or anyone 
racist, fascist or nazi. If you are perceived as a political threat they will even go as far as 
trying to label you as a paedophile or an insane person. When they have decided to kill 
your character (or rather the credibility of your name) they will most likely succeed. They 
have done this with tens of thousands of European political dissidents already (cultural 
conservatives) and they will continue with this efficient method. That is their purpose. Do 
not forget it and do not allow them to succeed. These are some of the reasons why 
journalists are so dangerous. 
As we all know, Western Europe today lacks the balance of cultural conservative news 
agencies. A majority of countries do not have any objective agencies but are rather 
completely monopolised by multiculturalist agencies or rather political entities. Unless 
you are a master at this game you should never give direct interviews and you should 
never agree to give interviews unconditionally. In order to protect yourself you should 
create clear and concise conditions before giving comments to the press. These 
conditions must be signed on behalf of the news agency (not just the specific journalist) 
and must apply to all future use of the specific given comments or interview.
An example on the conditions given to a news agency:
The journalist of xxx company can present five question he/she feels are relevant (these 
questions will most likely attempt to undermine you or your cause or will provoke you to 
give sensitive comments which can later be quoted out of context). The individual giving 
the interview will present the digital cover images and five questions (which will 
indirectly/directly defend his cause or actions). All answers are forwarded in writing (after 
the questions have been forwarded to the interview object and approved by both 
parties). 
The answers (given by the individual interviewed) to each of the ten questions must be 
published without alteration. If you allow the news agency to provide the images they will 
usually select unflattering samples with the goal of acknowledging few or no good 
aspects of the interview object.
If the journalist does not agree to these terms there will be no interview. These 
conditions must be signed by the journalist on behalf of the news agency and must be 
included in the bottom of the interview (comments given in this interview are not allowed 
to be quoted out of context or given entity will be sued).
This agreement in writing should be confirmed by the individual’s lawyer or any neutral 
third party.   

