# 2.23 Understanding the fundaments behind multiculturalism; From Titans To Lemmings: The Suicide of Europe

> 原文页码: 390-399

I see tens of examples of cultural conservatives who annually “trust the good judgment 
of the journalist and ends up being severely ridiculed and damaged as he/she is being 
perceived as a bigot. There are too many people out there who indirectly authorise their 
own “character assassination”.
Learn who your enemies are and learn to play the game!
Source:
1. http://www.document.no/2009/05/intet_nytt_blant_norske_journa.html
2.23 Understanding the fundaments behind multiculturalism; From Titans To 
Lemmings: The Suicide of Europe
By Reconquista
Comment on - From Titans To Lemmings – Part 2 (by author of 2083):
The following essay includes an assessment and conclusions around the anti-European or 
“anti-white” racist aspects of multiculturalism. At first, I hesitated to include anything 
including the word race, white or ethnicity, mainly because I instinctively dislike writing 
about anything related to these words. I was brought up that way (indoctrinated in a 
multiculturalist system for 30 years to be more precise). Partly, I also convinced myself 
originally that I was first and foremost against Islam, and that writing about skin colour 
(or multiculturalism for that matter) would only complicate this fight. In this regard I 
attempted to replace the term with more compromising expressions: the words culture, 
native European or ethnic group.
However, after thinking about it for some time, I find that very few of the arguments 
against certain terms hold true. I am tired of ideological censorship. We can’t really 
ignore some terms entirely if we are to make a completely honest evaluation and 
understand the anti-European or “anti-white” aspects of multiculturalism. In many cases, 
it is simply impossible to replace the term with less “offensive” words. Generally speaking 
though, Europeans usually identify using the word “European” and not white, which is 
rather the preferred word in the US. The author makes several good points and it’s 
essential that you read it in order to understand many aspects of multiculturalism 
(European/white guilt complex). Western nations can never mount a defence against 
Muslim colonisation/invasion if this is always dismissed as “racism.” But above all, if you 
believe that non-white racism exists, it is actually immoral not to deal with the problem 
and its victims. I am convinced that not just non-white, but especially anti-white racism 
is real and a very underestimated phenomena.
Background
In the first part of this series of essays about the suicide of Europe, I stated that what is 
happening to the indigenous peoples of Western Europe and our cultures - amounts to a 
merciless and bloody genocide. Amazingly, it is a genocide in which many members of 
the native Europeans are playing a willing and active part and I posed a question:
How can a culture that created the greatest and most advanced societies in human 
history, societies that held the highest hope for the whole of mankind, reach a point 
where its future survival is now threatened?
The Judeo-Christian religions played an important and influential role in building the once 
mighty West but we also discovered that these religions contained a serious flaw that has 
sewed the seeds of the suicidal demise of the indigenous peoples of Western Europe and 
our cultures. This flaw was identified by the brilliant German philosopher Friedrich 
Nietzsche who described it as "an inversion of morality" whereby the weak, the poor, 
the meek, the oppressed and the wretched are virtuous and blessed by God whereas the 
strong, the wealthy, the noble and the powerful are the immoral and damned by the 
vengeful almighty Yahweh for eternity.
Nietzsche, with great insight and perception, stated that Christianity would be abandoned 
en masse in the twentieth century but that Westerners would still cling to this inversion 
of morality. I then described how Marxists and Liberals exploit this inversion of morality 
by creating large numbers of "victim groups", groups who form minorities in Western 
society but whose "victim status" is used to dictate morality to the majority. In Western - 
European - societies, the weak now lead the strong, indeed, the game being played in 
these societies is not to make the weak strong it is to make the strong weak.
Should any person have the temerity to criticise any one of these "victim" groups, they 
will be viciously smeared and deemed guilty of numerous hate-crimes, the new heresy of 
the Liberal-Multicultural religion. The plain fact that this situation is destroying the west 
because it flies in the face of Mother nature - a catastrophic mistake only the native 
Europeans are committing - matters not a jot to these new pious inquisitors.
Multiculturalists prosecute their self-righteous moral crusade by proudly championing the 
cause of anybody who they deem to be weak and oppressed. Blinded by smug piety or 
driven by hatred for their own, they march the indigenous peoples of Western Europe and 
our cultures into the abyss as they vigorously and myopically pursue one of the most 
unnatural, childish and ultimately futile illusions ever created in human history:
Gold At The End Of The Rainbow
The core principle of liberals and multiculturalists is that everybody is equal. In the fluffy 
bunny la-la land of these vain zealots, the sexes are equal; all ethnic groups are equal; 
all sexuality is equal; all children are equal and children are equal to adults; animals are 
equal to humans; all cultures are equal and all religions are equal. For anybody to 
discriminate against anybody else and assert superiority is to establish inequality and 
inequality simply must not - indeed will not - be tolerated.
This is the utopian fantasy world of the lion lying down with the lamb in the eternal 
tranquillity of Shangri La. A futile, self-destructive pursuit of the unattainable that 
requires a denial of the competitive reality of life on planet earth and a continual 
inversion of morality in a doomed attempt to put right the "mistakes" committed by 
Mother Nature.
The pursuit of equality can be accurately summed up in a very short sentence: Pursuing 
equality is to clash with Mother nature. Nature abhors a vacuum but she also abhors 
equality and this is easily demonstrated.
Look at males and females. Are all males equal? Some males possess physical strength 
while others are physically weak. Some are tall, some short and some in-between. Some 
men possess the courage of a lion, others the courage of a French toy poodle. Some 
possess great intelligence and inquiring minds, some the gifts of craftsmanship, a lucky 
few possess both and sadly, many will possess neither. Some men are born to lead, 
others born to follow.
Equality is just as scarce among the fairer sex. There are beautiful women who can turn 
the heads of every red-blooded male and others who go about their daily business 
without raising a single admiring glance. There are women who want to be home-makers 
and mothers who have many children, others place their careers before all else and do 
not want a family. We have women who are active and love sport, others who prefer a 
more sedentary lifestyle. Then there are women who are feisty and bubbly, others who 
are quiet and shy. Of course, there are many more differences between people but the 
point is made.
Like it or not, men are in the main, physically stronger than women and nature has 
evolved the sexes for different tasks that ensure human survival just as nature does with 
all species. All men are not equal, all women are not equal and the sexes are not and 
never can be equal. This does not mean that any one is any better or has more value as 
a human being than any other and to suggest so is disingenuous, spiteful and born from 
bitter resentment. Inequality among and between species is simply the way life is on 
planet earth for all species including humans.
Take feminism as an example. Feminists claim that women have been victims of men, 
that men have oppressed women for centuries and that the sexes are equal. Denying this 
will result in the smears "misogynist" and "male chauvinist pig". But equalising the sexes 
has led to a crippling feminisation of Western society and I will elaborate upon this vitally 
important issue next time. But portraying women as oppressed victims and the equals of 
males is one example of how the pursuit of equality is being used to destroy our society 
and undermine - and therefore be in conflict with - Mother nature.
Trivial Pursuit
The pursuit of equality becomes even more futile when applied to equality of ethnic 
groups. If I say:
"The black African is, by and large, physically stronger than other races and in sports, 
blacks generally make the best boxers and the best sprinters and long distance runners, 
I will get nods of agreement. "
But if I say: "Whites are generally more intelligent and creative than blacks and have, 
throughout human history, solved the problems presented to the human race by Mother 
nature far more effectively than blacks have", I will be vilified as a racist.
Yet both statements are firmly grounded in fact.
It's a similar story with religion. If I say: "Judaism and Christianity are two religions 
whose morality and values took mankind further than any other religion and they are 
largely peaceful and tolerant religions", it would be difficult to disagree with me.
But if I say: "Islam is an evil, retarded and supremacist death-cult that refuses to afford 
women and unbelievers respect and the most basic of human rights because Islam 
advocates violence to force submission to Allah", I will be smeared as an "Islamophobe" 
and a "racist".
Not only that, I will then be - as I have been many times - subjected to the ordeal of 
listening to a demented liberal blow hard irrationally shrieking that all religions are equal, 
that Judaism and Christianity also have their violent fanatics and that it's all a question of 
"interpretation".
A pack of lies and distortions follow all to support the childish Liberal fantasy of equality, 
exactly in keeping with Nietzsche's description of inverting morality so as to always 
portray the strong West as ignoble by asserting that it only became powerful by 
oppressing other people. The Crusades in particular being the favoured "trump card" in 
debates about Islam even though the Crusades came in response to the massacre of 
Byzantine Christians by Muslim jihadists who were surely "extremists who were not 
representative of the Islamic faith."
But facts are discounted at will by devout Liberal-Multicultural disciples. They simply have 
to be otherwise their utopian fantasy world of equality completely collapses.
Smearing opponents and resorting to outright lies and distortions of history is a 
necessary tactic to impose equality and it is a strategy that exposes the weakness of 
those who pursue this asinine fantasy. Attempting to impose equality is a wilful denial of 
reality as it places ideology before hard evidence. For Liberal do-gooders, the fantasy of 
equality comes before all else therefore, unable to rely on facts and totally enslaved by 
their devotion to a deeply-flawed ideology, Liberal-Multiculturalists will outright lie and 
viciously smear people who dare to question or deny equality and place reality first.
If unsuccessful in their attempt to silence dissenters, the threat of violence leading to 
actual mob violence will also be deployed as we have seen recently after the BNP's 
success in the European elections.
Such irrational behaviour is much more than plain stupidity, it is concrete evidence of 
psychological illness on a grand scale and it is a mental illness only affecting the people 
of the white race as other races and cultures know full well the entirely natural order of 
inequality.
Just how mentally ill the Liberal-Multiculturalists really are will now become clear 
throughout the rest of this essay.
One Way Street
There is a glaring fact about Multiculturalism and its "all races and cultures are equal" 
mantra:
Why is it that only the West plays the Multicultural game? 
If all races are equal, why aren't the Chinese, the Japanese, the Koreans, the 
Arabs, the Pakistanis, the Indians, the Africans all accepting masses of 
immigrants into their lands and allowing alien cultures and religions to be of 
equal importance to their own?
However, they do play the Multicultural game of equality but only when they leave their 
own lands to invade, colonise and pilfer the affluent West. Back in their countries of 
origin, their cultures, their religions and their way of life all come first and equality - 
between the sexes, between the races and between cultures - is as rare as hen's teeth!
If you doubt this, go and look for lobby groups and minority groups demanding that 
white people be treated as equals in South Africa, Zimbabwe and the Middle East. And 
talking of South Africa, go see if you can find blacks turning on their own people and 
demonising them as "racists" for the diabolical way blacks are persecuting whites and 
massacring the Boers (3060 massacred already – [1]). Odd that such guilt-ridden Liberal 
groups only exist in the West isn't it?
There's more. Let's ask some more simple questions:
If all ethnical groups and all cultures are equal, why is it black Africans, Afro-Caribbean 
blacks, Pakistanis, Indians, Chinese, and Eastern Europeans want to abandon their own 
lands en masse to live in the lands of the West?
I mean if we're all truly equal, why does the rest of the world want to live the Western 
lifestyle, a lifestyle created in the main by white people? Just why exactly, do they want 
to be part of capitalism, run businesses, work for the white man's industries, claim the 
white man's welfare and buy and use goods created by the creativity and ingenuity of 
Western - white - people?
Why flock to another land, abandoning your own people for what the white man has 
created? It can't be because other races are unable to build strong, advanced societies 
because we're all equal aren't we? So therefore it must be to enjoy the lifestyle and the 
culture that the white man has created which is logically to admit human races and their 
cultures are most definitely not equal.
And what about the people who want to migrate to the West from the third-world but 
who cannot? This is yet more evidence of the lunacy of "we're all equal" because the 
strong are leaving the weak behind which just makes these already weak societies even 
weaker. This is the only equality: That as mass immigration floods the West the West 
becomes weaker and resembles more and more the weak third-world.
And why-oh-why does the world want to play sports that form an integral part of white 
Western culture, sports such as football, rugby, cricket, boxing? If all cultures are equal 
why don't other races stick with their own systems of business and commerce and play 
their own sports? Surely no one in their right minds would say that their own systems of 
trade and commerce and their own sports aren't as good as Western sports - that'd be 
stating inequality exists and that the West is superior and we can't have that, oh no.
Conversely, why isn't there mass immigration from the West to Africa, China, the Middle 
East? Come on, if all races and all cultures and all religions were truly equal then this 
would be blatantly obvious to the rest of the world who would be falling over themselves 
to welcome masses of immigrants from all over the world into their lands to enrich their 
people with the delights of diversity in the name of equality and multiculturalism.
And besides, mass immigration is fantastically "good for the economy" so surely Africa, 
The Middle East, China, India, Pakistan and Eastern Europe would benefit enormously 
from allowing hordes of immigrants from all over the world but especially the advanced 
UK and Europe to live in their lands, with housing, benefits and information explaining 
how to claim for their entitlements published in 30 different languages all provided free 
of charge so they can settle there and enrich native communities with their religions, 
traditions and cultures and bring a much needed boost to their flagging economies.
This would make their less advanced societies stronger and equal to those of the affluent 
West too. Can you hear a bell ring after reading this paragraph?
Let me spell it out for you loudly and clearly: If the people - whites - of the West have 
created the most advanced, affluent and just societies, wouldn't it be bloody obvious for 
third-world nations to begin programmes of mass-immigration from Europe so 
immigrants can create in the third-world the very same prosperous societies people from 
the third-world are flocking to in their millions? But that kinsman, is not the Multicultural 
game. Not by a long chalk it isn't.
And well, it's funny how people from the West don't appear to be rushing to live the 
African tribal lifestyle and adopt the African tribal culture. Not so funny when you realise 
that black Africans have brought this violent tribal lifestyle with its hatred for other tribes 
to the doorstep of Westerners. Better not mention this somewhat inconvenient fact about 
African tribal culture though. You don't want the pious, fanatical Liberal-Multicultural 
inquisitors accusing you of suggesting that black African gangs - sorry, tribes - treat each 
other in a way that falls a long way short of equality. What are you anyway, some kind of 
racist?
Let me share something else with you. It is very, very easy to be pious about equality 
and multiculturalism when you live in an advanced, wealthy society. It is far less easy to 
eulogise about Multiculturalism and equality when you live in a violent, unjust and less 
advanced poverty-stricken society. Maybe this explains why we don't see many ranting 
Multicultural disciples demanding the imposition of equality in countries such as Iran. 
They know as well as you do what would happen if they tried to. Such is the folly of 
claiming equality between peoples and cultures.
And there's even more folly about this ridiculous pursuit of equality.
A Very Unequal Equality
Not only is multiculturalism a one-way street with the rest of the world flocking into the 
West and changing it dramatically whilst the nations of these immigrants retain their 
identities and cultures, the doctrine of Multiculturalism is only ever applied against 
Western - make that white - people.
Identity politics is a good example of this. Blacks, Jews, Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus, Chinese, 
Pakistanis, Indians - all of these people and more are allowed to form their own special 
groups with the aim of protecting and furthering their own interests based entirely on 
race or creed.
Yet if indigenous Westerners form their own special interest group - for example The 
British National Party or the Belgian Vlaams Belang - they will be outrageously and 
hypocritically vilified as "racists" and "fascists" yet not once has any other identity group 
- for example the Black Police Officer's Association or even better, the Muslim 
Council of Britain, an organisation which promotes one of the most evil and 
supremacist ideologies ever created by mankind - ever been vilified as "racists" or 
"fascists".
And what may I ask, is so equal about the "Music of Black Origin" awards? Strange that 
sanctimonious Liberals screaming "racists!" are curiously absent at this overtly racist, 
unequal event isn't it?
Yet the slightest excuse to label whites as "racist" is continually sought. Even toddlers 
who refuse to eat spicy food in nurseries end up facing the wrath of the puritanical 
Multicultural inquisitors who will insist the parents make their family more "racially aware 
and sensitive towards other races and cultures."
Tellingly, when black gang members stab each other or gang rape a white teenage girl or 
when Muslim jihadists blow up buses and trains filled with innocent people the first 
concern of the guardians of multiculturalism will be to minimise the racial aspect of these 
events - i.e. deny the reality - and lame excuses such as "it's because of poverty" or the 
Marxist classic "it's because they are oppressed by an institutionally racist society" will be 
spewed out by these simpering Liberal apologists.
Yet conversely, if a group of white men were to gang rape a black teenage girl - well, you 
know exactly how this would be depicted as well as I do.
You tell me - how can equality exist in Liberal-Multicultural la-la land if the standards 
promoted by Liberals are only ever applied towards whites? This blatant and 
contradictory application occurs because these self-righteous Multiculturalists firmly 
believe that only white people can be racist because whites are always depicted as strong 
and powerful and other races are always portrayed as oppressed victims. So Liberal-
Multiculturalists knowingly, deliberately and therefore treacherously distort, misrepresent 
and outright lie about racist or violent acts committed by non-whites.
How obvious does it have to be for them to realise that this is hard evidence, clear proof 
of the folly of pursuing equality between the races? Because if we were all equal wouldn't 
other races be upholding, promoting and living by these universally moral Multicultural 
standards of equality and be keen to see them applied to their own racists and criminals? 
But as we know, facts don't matter, only the fantasy of equality for all does.
This double standard is also evident on the world political stage. Why is it we see leaders 
from the West fawning over the third-world, uttering trite and meaningless platitudes 
along with grovelling apologies for how badly the West has behaved throughout history? 
Isn't it strange how these leaders, elected in the West on policies of multiculturalism and 
racial equality never, ever promote these policies to people of the third world? For 
example, not once has any Western leader made a speech to the Middle East saying:
"We now live in a Multicultural global society. The Arabian peoples of the Middle East must 
come to realise that all people are equal and must allow people of all colours and all faiths 
to build communities and settle in peace in your countries. The present attitude of Muslims 
towards women and peoples of other faiths is racist and oppressive, it is an apartheid that 
must end and the international community demands an end to this injustice."
Isn't that more or less what the West said about South Africa and Rhodesia? A Marxist-
Liberal West who piously demanded an end to apartheid backed up with the imposition of 
sanctions from the UN and exclusion from the world's sporting community.
If we're all truly equal, then shouldn't the Middle East - and other non-multicultural 
nations - also be treated in the same way? And in such nations I include the modern 
South Africa, "The Rainbow Nation", where under black rule the Marxist ANC are viciously 
persecuting whites and where the Boers are facing a murderous genocide and where 
poignantly, let's not forget, many black people are now suffering far more than they ever 
did under apartheid.
It is so obvious even a blind man from planet blind could see it: Multiculturalism and the 
fantasy world of equality only apply to the West and it is applied using exactly the moral 
inversion predicted by Nietzsche that we have been discussing in these essays. It is a 
widespread madness that is, without doubt, leading the entire white race into the abyss.
A Grand Deception
The folly of multiculturalism and its mantra of equality is one of the biggest con-tricks 
ever played on a people. All of the main political parties promote Multiculturalism, the 
corrupt EUSSR is working to enforce equality and multiculturalism by law, all of the 
Western media with very few exceptions endorse Multiculturalism and of course, most of 
the worshipped, fame-craving celebrities in the West also support multiculturalism and 
this really should clue one in as to how absolutely ridiculous the pursuit of equality is.
Here we have an elite group of people who are waxing lyrical about Multiculturalism and 
equality yet they do not live or act as equals. From corrupt, thieving politicians who 
abuse the trust of the very people who voted for them by stealing tax payer's money to 
line their own greedy pockets, to self-righteous, condescending idiots like Billy Bragg 
and Ross Kemp who continually brand BNP supporters as "racists and fascists" yet do 
not live in "enriched" Multicultural towns such as Glodwick, Leicester or Brixton. These 
hypocrites are the modern day "do as I say not as I do" ranting preachers of the Liberal-
Multicultural religion. They are living proof that some people not only are more equal 
than others but firmly BELIEVE they are more equal than others.
They talk the talk to get what they want, they sure as hell do not walk the walk and they 
have no intention of so doing. Equality is not for them and they have made that 
abundantly clear.
And the gullible and the naive masses lap up every drop of this putrid Multicultural vomit 
spoon-fed to them by an elite who hold their own people in utter contempt and who see 
the people as useful-idiots and cash-cows to be milked for all they're worth. But delirious 
Liberal-Multiculturalists blinded by their own self-righteousness fall for the con and 
enslave themselves to the Liberal-Multicultural ideology and engage in a futile, childish 
and self-destructive pursuit of equality at the behest of their profiteering, deceitful 
masters. They'd have more success finding a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Such is the questionable mental state of Liberal-Multiculturalists and their conviction in 
equality of races, cultures and sexes. They are completely blind to the fact that those 
who are promoting and preaching the virtues of multiculturalism and equality simply 
don't live it. The privileged elite who have brought Multiculturalism to the West could 
afford to conduct an experiment on society and not suffer the consequences of their 
stupidity and hypocrisy. Many of them have made fortunes by promoting and enforcing 
this evil, unnatural ideology that is dismantling British communities and destroying 
Western societies.
It simply doesn't occur to the devout Liberal disciples that it's ever so easy to feel pity for 
other people and spout equality and multiculturalism when you live in a country mansion, 
eat the finest foods, drive a Bentley and luxuriate in the celebrity lifestyle.
It's also easy for upper middle-class Liberals living in leafy suburbs and safe, decent 
neighbourhoods, who drive nice cars, wear the trendiest designer clothes and eulogise 
about the wonders of Multiculturalism at dinner parties because they've dined at 
Armenian and Japanese restaurants, regularly order home-delivered curries from the 
nearest Pakistani sweet shop and send fifty quid to "Africans In Need Yet Again" charities 
twice a year. For these mollycoddled strangers to reality, that is the meaning of 
multiculturalism and equality.
They are blissfully unaware of the benefits of diversity being endured by their less-
fortunate kin living in enriched British cities where they have to compete with swarms of 
immigrants to obtain work at the lowest possible wage. Britons whose kids are bullied 
and pressed into gang culture where their teenage years will be spent in a fog of 
intoxication, either blind drunk on cheap alcohol or high-as-kites on heroin, weed or 
worse, crack cocaine.
Britons whose teenage daughters are being sexually abused and gang raped by various 
races who hate whites. These are the expendable indigenous Britons, an unequal 
underclass who are living the nightmare reality of Multiculturalism that was imposed 
upon them without their consent and who know precisely what the benefits of enrichment 
and diversity truly are.
Such Britons are the lab-rats of the Marxist-Multicultural social experiment. Many of them 
have not had the opportunity to benefit from a good education and they have been 
repeatedly betrayed by traitors whom they trusted with their precious vote to speak up 
for them and protect their communities.
For these Britons, the harsh reality of multiculturalism hits hard and they most definitely 
are not treated or regarded as equals. They suffer the consequences of the hypocrisy and 
the stupidity committed by hypocritical elites who can afford the luxury of avoiding the 
disastrous consequences arising from their pernicious social experiment.
These unequal Britons who endure the horrors of Multiculturalism every day also know all 
too well the real meaning of diversity: It is nothing less than the deliberate destruction of 
their way of life and the systematic breakdown of their communities by state-sponsored 
ethnic cleansing combined with a bloodthirsty genocide committed by hate-filled, anti-
white, racist immigrants.
These are the British people who suffer the consequences of multiculturalism so those 
who do not can appear virtuous and righteous with their "we're all equal" mantra whilst 
acting as superiors who feather their own nests and lie and deceive at every turn to 
protect their own selfish interests.
All people are equal? Please. Don't make me laugh. Or weep.
Conclusion
Just as Nietzsche foresaw, the Godless religion of Marxism, with its evil twin spawns 
Liberalism and Multiculturalism, works by creating "victim groups" who are then used to 
destroy Western society by inverting morality and demanding more and more from 
society to compensate for their unjust oppression.
Equality is used to support the cause of these victims. From equality of the sexes to 
equality of the races, Marxists need victims for their rotten ideology to flourish. It is a 
sick dependency that brainwashes people to believe they are 
weak victims whose "injustice" and "unequal status" is morally 
wrong and that the strong oppressors - the white race - must be 
made to pay for their immoral, unfair superiority. To say it is 
"The Mother of all guilt-trips" puts it mildly.
Yet this pursuit of equality only occurs in Western, Liberal-
Multicultural societies and the rest of the world only plays the 
equality game when masses of third-world immigrants flood the 
West or when former first-world African nations become third 
world nations under black rule who demand more and more 
from white communities to pay for the "injustice" of apartheid 
and white colonial rule.
The attitude of the third-world to the West - make that white people - is simply this: 
What's yours is ours and what is ours is our own. It is a despicable attitude that is 
reducing the West to a life-support machine for other less advanced races yet if the 
indigenous people of the West were to adopt this unequal attitude, they would be vilified 
by other races along with self-loathing Liberal-Multiculturalists from their own race as 
"racists" and "haters".
Such a hypocritical and weak attitude just encourages millions of blacks, Orientals and 
Asians to become parasites who dine at the abundant table of the West for free. They 
jealously want what the white man has created, they deem it their right to have what the 
white man has because he only got it by oppressing other races and yet they continue to 
contribute little - if anything - of any real worth to advance the entire human race.
And the more the pious Liberal-Multicultural disciples scream "we're all equal" the more 
glaringly unequal nature reveals us to be. Such arrogant, misguided fools are akin to 
King Canute who tried to halt the tide but who came to realise his folly and was humbled 
by his attempt to battle Mother nature:
"Let all men know how empty and worthless is the power of kings, for there is none worthy 
of the name, but He whom heaven, earth, and sea obey by eternal laws."
For the last fifty years, the white race has arrogantly refused to obey these eternal laws 
and it will pay a heavy price unless it comes to realise the futility of continually fighting 
against Mother nature. King Canute realised it and other human races continue to 
realise it but whether or not the crack-brained Liberal-Multicultural disciples have the 
humility to realise their folly of battling with Mother nature is quite another matter.
But be in no doubt whatsoever that Mother nature will demand they pay the heaviest 
price for their arrogance and she will not care one iota if the entire white race has to pay 
too. Mother nature knows not pity as even self-righteous Liberal-Multiculturalists will find 
to their cost, you can be completely assured of that.
Unedited source:
http://isupporttheresistance.blogspot.com/2009/06/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
1. http://sarahmaidofalbion.blogspot.com/
Read all the essays in this great series by Reconquista:
From Titans To Lemmings Part 1

