# 2.24 Ignorance and Multiculturalism must be destroyed

> 原文页码: 400-402

http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/05/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 2
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/06/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 3
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/07/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 4
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/08/from-titans-to-lemmings-part-iv.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 5
http://iluvsa.blogspot.com/2009/08/from-titans-to-lemmings-suicide-of.html
From Titans To Lemmings Part 6
http://www.nationalpolicyinstitute.org/2009/09/13/xxxx/
From Titans To Lemmings Part 7
http://www.nationalpolicyinstitute.org/2009/10/01/from-titans-to-lemmings-part-7/
2.24 Ignorance and Multiculturalism must be destroyed
By D.L. Adams
There are two critical impediments that prevent the West from engaging effectively, or at 
all, in this existential conflict with Islam. Ignorance and multiculturalism (proto-
legitimised moral relativism) must be deconstructed and delegitimised.
It is a moral and ethical failure to be ignorant of the purposes and doctrine of political 
Islam. Ignorance of an existential enemy is shameful and indefensible. Multiculturalism 
must be exposed for the disastrous pseudo-philosophy of ignorance that it is. Founded 
upon ignorance and silly utopian anti-intellectualism, multiculturalism prevents us from 
responding to political Islam because to do so in our morally bankrupt multicultural world 
is seen as intolerance. Defending your nation from cultural and literal annihilation is not 
“intolerance” it is the height of patriotism and rationality.
The fundamental dual concepts of multiculturalism are “tolerance” and “inclusiveness”. 
These very “nice” concepts are founded upon the idea that all cultures are of equal value 
and that differences between cultures are to be applauded and “accepted” rather than 
condemned when such condemnation is appropriate. The idea that a culture can be 
corrupt or even evil is dismissed as “bigotry” in the multiculturalist’s broken anti-
knowledge world. Multiculturalism is the soiled garden in which Islam grows.
People who know the doctrine of political Islam and have the effrontery to discuss it in 
public are accused of bigotry by multiculturalists and the ignorant. The doctrine of 
political Islam as found in Sira, Koran, and Hadith is inherently intolerant and exclusive 
but this does not deter the multiculturalists. There is an unspoken superiority in their 
world; they believe themselves superior because they are so inclusive, accepting, and 
“nice”. The forces of evil see this welcoming inclusiveness from the cultures of the West 
as the actions of fools. These foolish actions are of great value to political Islam because 
in their false feelings of superiority multiculturalists are the perfect “dhimmis” for Islam, 
perfect servents of a totalitarian ideology whose purposes are entirely destructive of 
inclusiveness and tolerance. Multiculturalists are anti-knowledge useful idiots for the 
forces of cultural and literal annihilation that is Islam.
There has long been a concept very popular in the United States regarding immigration 
and assimilation which is that if we show new-comers to our shores how nice, welcoming, 
and good we are, they will all become Americans. This model has worked for generations 
with European, Asian, South Americans and immigrants from across the world. Islam 
does not fit this model.
The model has failed because Islam does not assimilate. Islam does not assimilate 
because Islam is about submission. The word “Islam” translates to “submission”. 
Adherents of the so-called “religion of peace” are not interested in assimilation, they are 
interested only in bringing the entire world under Allah’s “religion”. For adherents of this 
miserable and cruel political ideology of hate and conquest only one religion, one political 
system, and one culture is allowed – that of Allah and Mohammed. All other religions, 
cultures, and political systems are to be annihilated.
Because multiculturalists are willfully ignorant about the cultures that they defend – to 
them all cultures (no matter how abysmal they may be) are worthy of defence simply 
because they are “different” – Islam sees that the cultures of the West cannot defend 
themselves against them.
In fact, multiculturalism is the tool by which Islam infiltrates our institutions and political 
systems. Islam is at war with all non-believers everywhere and forever, this is called 
“jihad” or “fighting in Allah’s cause”. Jihad is so foundational to Islam that it is mentioned 
over 150 times in the text of the Koran. Because multiculturalists have no need to know 
anything about any culture (after all, all cultures are “equal” therefore knowledge of any 
one culture is of little necessity, value, or import) they do not understand that they are 
under attack.
Multiculturalism and ignorance, the two walk hand in hand together, are the greatest 
weaknesses of the cultures of the West.
The model of assimilation has failed. It has failed because resurgent Islam and its jihad 
has no interest in assimilation. Multiculturalists do not know this, and when they are told 
the truth, they refuse obstinately to believe it. Acceptance of the truth of Islam is to 
accept the failure of the fundamental concepts of multiculturalism.
We in the West must judge cultures and adherents to such cultures when we make 
immigration decisions. We must accept the literal truth that some cultures are unpleasant 
and have belief systems that are contrary to ours. The idea that everyone loves freedom 
is a broken and confused concept. It is a ruined shell because in Islam the only freedom 
that is considered of value is the complete submission to Allah and Mohammed (and the 
doctrine of Islam). Islam sees freedom in total submission to the doctrine of Islam.
When we open our doors to Islam, we open ourselves and our nations to forces that 
reject our concepts of tolerance and inclusiveness. This is the absurdity and horror of 
multiculturalism- it is a failed philosophy of self-destruction.
We must learn the doctrine of Islam. Knowledge of the doctrine is akin to having the 
“playbook” of the opposing team in a sporting match. But this is not sport for us, it is 
about nothing less than our existential survival as non-Islamic countries and cultures. We 
must learn the doctrine of Islam to dispel our ignorance of Islam. Without knowledge of 
Islam we cannot oppose it; without knowledge some do not even realise that they are at 
war with us and therefore we are at war with them.
The banishment of ignorance through knowledge is critically important if we are to 
survive as freedom-loving, tolerant, and “nice” cultures. It is a patriotic duty to learn the 
doctrine of Islam and educate others about it.
We must destroy multiculturalism; deconstruct it, delegitimise it, and acknowledge it as 
the Utopian self-destructive fantasy that it is. All cultures are not equivalent. Some 
cultures are better than others, and some are our enemies and some our friends. This is 
reasonable, rational thinking. The foundational concept of multiculturalism is that all 
cultures are of equal value and worth. This is inclusiveness, tolerance, and “niceness” 
taken to the extreme. This is anti-intellectualism and irrational thinking that will result in 
the entire loss of our civilisations. Multiculturalism must be destroyed and swept into the 
dustbin of absurdity where it belongs.
Failure to destroy multiculturalism, delegitimise it and its adherents as the intellectual 
imposters and fools that they are is a national failure whose consequences are beyond 
unpleasant. Multiculturalism is the tool by which Islam gains access to our countries for 
the purpose of the destruction of the host culture.
The doctrine of Islam is clear on these points as are the adherents of the so-called 
“religion of peace”. Jihad is a responsibility for all Muslims. It is the command of both 
Allah and Mohammed. Mulsims who do Jihad are “good” Muslims because they follow the 
commands of Allah and Mohammed; those who do not do jihad are “extremists” because 
they reject the commands of the doctrine of Islam. Those who reject jihad are perfect 
fodder for jihadists because they are not “good” Muslims. This concept must be 
understood clearly. Our conceptions of good/evil, right/wrong do not apply in the Islamic 
worldview.
Multiculturalism must be destroyed. Multiculturalists must be mocked and criticised for 
the self-destructive fools that they are. Their philosophy is used by our enemies to gain 
entree and power in our institutions and cultures. Multiculturalists, in their Utopian 
ignorance, are tools of the enemy – their philosophy must be rejected, repudiated, and 
deconstructed so that rational thought can again be the dominant mode of thought 
across the West. To do any less is failure.
When we know nothing of Islam, we lose. When we say that all cultures are equivalent 
and we can no longer identify good and evil, right and wrong, we lose. Ignorance of 
Islam is not acceptable; it is a moral and ethical failure.
Multiculturalism is a tool of Islam; it is a disastrous ideology of false “nice” that is used to 
stifle critical thought and open debate. Multiculturalism is a complete failure as it is used 
by our enemies to destroy us. It is a failed fake intellectual concept for “nice” people to 
abjure their responsibilities to themselves, their cultures and countries. Multiculturalism 
must be destroyed.

