# 2.8 The Failure of Western Feminism

> 原文页码: 343-343

The name of the devil: cultural Marxism, multiculturalism, 
globalism, feminism, emotionalism, suicidal humanism, 
egalitarianism - a recipe for disaster
“Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.”
Robert Frost
2.8 The Failure of Western Feminism
By Fjordman
I have written several essays before on the damaging effects of Western feminism. The 
massive wave of violence and especially rapes in Western cities now is a form of warfare 
against whites, and it’s about time it is recognised as such. As this post from Gallia 
Watch[1] puts it:
As in war, the winners seize the indigenous women all the while protecting their own. The 
whole rhetoric that aims to debase the European woman or France (‘I screw France like a 
whore’ says rap group Sniper) is a part of the feminisation of Europeans, of the idea that 
Europe is a land to be conquered, a habitat open to all forms of pillage. Are not the 
notorious ‘gang rapes’ another example of collective violence to European women, just as 
Russian soldiers did when they seized German women in a devastated Berlin in 1945. It all 
holds together. A tribe that does not protect its women is behaving as if they have already 
lost the war. Many of us don’t know this. But our enemies do.
As a Western man, I would be tempted to say that Western women have to some extent 
brought this upon themselves. They have been waging an ideological, psychological and 
economic war against European men for several generations now, believing that this 
would make you “free.” The actual result is that you have less freedom of movement and 
security than ever, as a direct result of the immigrant policies supported by you and your 
buddies.
In the big scheme of things, the truth is that European men have treated women with 
greater respect than the men of almost any other major civilisation on earth. And I don’t 
mean just in the modern age, I mean for many centuries. Yet we are the one group of 
men who are most demonised and attacked, whereas non-white men get treated with 
much greater respect. What white men see from this is that white Western women prefer 
men who treat them like crap, and disrespect men who treat them with respect. This isn’t 
exactly a smart way to behave if you want to be treated with dignity.
The truth is that any nation is always protected from external aggression by the men. 
The women can play a supporting role in this, but never more than that. For all the talk 
about “girl power” and “women kicking ass” which you see on movies these days, if the 
men of your “tribe” are too weak or demoralised to protect you, you will be enslaved and 
crushed by the men from other “tribes” before you can say “Vagina Monologues”. Which 
means that if you break down men’s masculinity, their willingness and ability to defend 
themselves and their families, you destroy the country. That’s exactly what Western 
women have done for the last forty years. So why are you surprised about the results? 
As you said, you can’t fool Mother Nature. Well, you have tried to fool her for a long time, 
and you are now paying the price for this.

