# 2.9 How the Feminists’ “War against Boys” Paved the Way for Islam

> 原文页码: 344-352

Western women have been subjected to systematic Marxist indoctrination meant to turn 
you into a weapon of mass destruction against your own civilisation, a strategy that has 
been remarkably successful. Here is a quote from Robert Spencer’s book Religion of 
Peace?:
Attacks on Christian history and doctrine are an integral part of a larger effort to instill a 
sense of cultural shame in even non-Christian European and American youth — a shame 
that militates against their thinking the West is even worth defending. A white American 
student, ‘Rachel,’ unwittingly summed up this attitude when she told American Indian 
professor Dr. David Yeagley in 2001: ‘Look, Dr. Yeagley, I don’t see anything about my 
culture to be proud of. It’s all nothing. My race is just nothing… Look at your culture. 
Look at American Indian tradition. Now I think that’s really great. You have something to 
be proud of. My culture is nothing.’ Yeagley mused: ‘The Cheyenne people have a saying: 
A nation is never conquered until the hearts of its women are on the ground…When 
Rachel denounced her people, she did it with the serene self-confidence of a High 
Priestess reciting a liturgy. She said it without fear of criticism or censure. And she 
received none. The other students listened in silence, their eyes moving timidly back and 
forth between me and Rachel, as if unsure which of us constituted a higher authority… 
Who had conquered Rachel’s people? What had led her to disrespect them? Why did she 
behave like a woman of a defeated tribe?’
Let me add a quote from the book The Suicide of Reason: Radical Islam's Threat to the 
West, by Lee Harris:
"Muslims are doing everything in their power to encourage their alpha boys to be tough, 
aggressive, and ruthless. We teach our boys to be good students, to aim at getting good 
jobs with large, safe corporations, to plan prudently for their retirement. They want their 
boys to become holy warriors. We are proud if our sons get into a good college; they are 
proud if their sons die as martyrs. To rid your society of high-testosterone alpha males may 
bring peace and quiet; but if you have an enemy that is building up an army of alpha boys 
trained to hate you fanatically and who have vowed to destroy you, you will be committing 
suicide. It may take years or decades before you realise what you have done, but by that 
time it will be far too late to reverse your course. The end of testosterone in the West alone 
will not culminate in the end of history, but it may well culminate in the end of the West."
Sources:
http://gatesofvienna.blogspot.com/2008/08/failure-of-western-feminism.html
1. http://galliawatch.blogspot.com/2008/08/endangered-species.html
2.9 How the Feminists’ “War against Boys” Paved the Way for Islam
By Fjordman
Some commentators like to point out that many of the most passionate and bravest 
defenders of the West are women, citing Italian writer Oriana Fallaci[1] and others[2] as 
examples. But women like Ms. Fallaci, brave as they might be, are not representative of 
Western women. If you look closely, you will notice that, on average, Western women are 
actually more supportive of multiculturalism and massive immigration than are Western 
men.
I got many comments[3] on my posts about Muslim anti-female violence in Scandinavia. 
Several of my readers asked what Scandinavian men are doing about this. What 
happened to those Vikings, anyway? Did they drink too much mead in Valhalla? Despite 
the romantic mystique surrounding them today, the Vikings were for the most part 
savage barbarians. However, I doubt they would have looked the other way while their 
daughters were harassed by Muslims. In some ways, this makes present-day 
Scandinavians worse barbarians than the Vikings ever were.
One of the reasons for this lack of response is a deliberate and pervasive censorship in 
the mainstream media, to conceal the full scale of the problem from the general public. 
However, I suspect that the most important reason has to do with the extreme anti-
masculine strand of feminism that has permeated Scandinavia for decades. The male 
protective instinct doesn’t take action because Scandinavian women have worked 
tirelessly to eradicate it, together with everything else that smacks of traditional 
masculinity. Because of this, feminism has greatly weakened Scandinavia, and perhaps 
Western civilisation as whole.
The only major political party in Norway that has voiced any serious opposition to the 
madness of Muslim immigration is the rightwing Progress Party. This is a party which 
receives about two thirds or even 70% male votes. At the opposite end of the scale we 
have the Socialist Left party, with two thirds or 70% female votes. The parties most 
critical of the current immigration are typically male parties, while those who praise the 
Multicultural society are dominated by feminists. And across the Atlantic, if only American 
women voted, the US President during 9/11 would be called Al Gore, not George Bush.
The standard explanation in my country for this gender gap in voting patterns is that 
men are more “xenophobic and selfish” than women, who are more open-minded and 
possess a greater ability to show solidarity with outsiders. That’s one possibility. Another 
one is that men traditionally have had the responsibility for protecting the “tribe” and 
spotting an enemy, a necessity in a dog-eat-dog world. Women are more naïve, and less 
willing to rationally think through the long-term consequences of avoiding confrontation 
or dealing with unpleasant realities now.
Didn’t feminists always claim that the world would be a better place with women in the 
driver’s seat, because they wouldn’t sacrifice their own children? Well, isn’t that exactly 
what they are doing now? Smiling and voting for parties that keep the doors open to 
Muslim immigration, the same Muslims who will be attacking their children tomorrow?
Another possibility is that Western feminists fail to confront Muslim immigration for 
ideological reasons. Many of them are silent on Islamic oppression of women because 
they have also embraced “Third-Worldism” and anti-Western sentiments. I see some 
evidence in support of this thesis.
American writer Phyllis Chesler has sharply criticised her sisters in books such as The 
Death of Feminism. She feels that too many feminists have abandoned their commitment 
to freedom and “become cowardly herd animals and grim totalitarian thinkers,” thus 
failing to confront Islamic terrorism. She paints a portrait of current U.S. University 
campuses as steeped in “a new and diabolical McCarthyism” spearheaded by leftist 
rhetoric.
Chesler has a point. Judging from the rhetoric of many feminists, all the oppression in 
the world comes from Western men, who are oppressing both women and non-Western 
men. Muslim immigrants are “fellow victims” of this bias. At best, they may be 
patriarchal pigs, but no worse than Western men. Many Western universities have 
courses filled with hate against men that would be unthinkable the other way around. 
That’s why Scandinavian feminists don’t call for Scandinavian men to show a more 
traditional masculinity and protect them against aggression from Muslim men. Most 
Norwegian feminists are also passionate anti-racists who will oppose any steps to limit 
Muslim immigration as “racism and xenophobia.”
Totalitarian feminists in Norway are threatening to shut down private companies that 
refuse to recruit at least 40 percent women to their boards[4] by 2007, a Soviet-style 
regulation of the economy in the name of gender equality. I have read comments from 
Socialist politicians and leftist commentators in certain newspapers, such as the pro-
Multicultural and feminist — critics would say Female Supremacist — newspaper 
Dagbladet, arguing that we should have quotas for Muslim immigrants, too.
What started out as radical feminism has thus gradually become egalitarianism, the fight 
against “discrimination” of any kind, the idea that all groups of people should have an 
equal share of everything and that it is the state’s responsibility to ensure that this takes 
place. A prime example of this is Norway’s Ombud for Gender Equality, which in 2006 
became The Equality and Anti-discrimination Ombud[5]. The Ombud’s duties are “to 
promote equality and combat discrimination on the basis of gender, ethnic origin, sexual 
orientation, disability and age.”
Western feminists have cultivated a culture of victimhood in the West, where you gain 
political power through your status in the victim hierarchy. In many ways, this is what 
Political Correctness is all about. They have also demanded, and largely got, a re-writing 
of the history books to address an alleged historic bias; their world view has entered the 
school curriculum, gained a virtual hegemony in the media and managed to portray their 
critics as “bigots.” They have even succeeded in changing the very language we use, to 
make it less offensive. Radical feminists are the vanguard of PC.
When Muslims, who above all else like to present themselves as victims, enter Western 
nations, they find that much of their work has already been done for them. They can use 
a pre-established tradition of claiming to be victims, demanding state intervention and 
maybe quotas to address this, as well as a complete re-writing of history and public 
campaigns against bigotry and hate speech. Western feminists have thus paved the way 
for the forces that will dismantle Western feminism, and end up in bed, sometimes quite 
literally, with the people who want to enslave them.
Swedish Marxist politician Gudrun Schyman has suggested a bill[6] that would 
collectively tax Swedish men for violence against women. In a 2002 speech, the same 
Schyman famously posited that Swedish men were just like the Taliban. A male columnist 
in newspaper Aftonbladet responded by saying that Schyman was right[7]: All men are 
like the Taliban.
The irony is that in an Islamic state similar to the one the Taliban established in 
Afghanistan, certain groups of people, in this case non-Muslims, pay a special 
punishment tax simply because of who they are, not because of what they earn. Radical 
feminists such as Ms. Schyman are thus closer to the Taliban than Western men, 
although I’m pretty sure that irony would be completely missed on them.
Schyman’s battle cry is “Death to the nuclear family!” I have heard the same slogan 
repeated by young Norwegian feminists in recent years. Schyman seethed that today’s 
family unit is “built on a foundation of traditional gender roles in which women are 
subordinate to men. The hierarchy of gender, for which violence against women is the 
ultimate expression, has been cemented.” “Conservatives want to strengthen the family. I 
find this of grave concern.”
In the year 2000, Swedish feminist Joanna Rytel and the action group Unf**ked Pussy 
entered the stage during the live broadcast of the Miss Sweden contest. She also wrote 
an article called “I Will Never Give Birth to a White Man[8],” for a major Swedish daily, 
Aftonbladet, in 2004. Rytel explained why she hates white men — they are selfish, 
exploitative, vain, and sex-crazed — and just to make things clear, she added, “no white 
men, please… I just puke on them, thank you very much.” 
Misandry, the hatred of men, isn’t necessarily less prevalent than misogyny, the hatred of 
women. The difference is that the former is much more socially acceptable.
If all oppression comes from Western men, it becomes logical to try weakening them as 
much as possible. If you do, a paradise of peace and equality awaits us at the other side 
of the rainbow. Well congratulations to Western European women. You’ve succeeded in 
harassing and ridiculing your own sons into suppressing many of their masculine 
instincts. To your surprise, you didn’t enter a feminist Nirvana, but paved the way for an 
unfolding Islamic hell.
It is correct, as feminists claim, that a hyper-feminine society is not as destructive as a 
hyper-masculine society. The catch with a too soft society is that it is unsustainable. It 
will get squashed as soon as it is confronted by more traditional, aggressive ones. 
Instead of “having it all,” Western women risk losing everything. What are liberal 
feminists going to do when faced with aggressive gang of Muslim youngsters? Burn their 
bras and throw the pocket edition of the Vagina Monologues at them?
Perhaps women can succeed in turning their men into doormats, but it will be on the cost 
of doing so to their nation and to their civilisation as well. According to Italian American 
feminist Camille Paglia, “If civilisation had been left in female hands, we would still be 
living in grass huts.” That may be an exaggeration, but male energy is definitely a driving 
force in any dynamic culture.
Muslim anti-female violence in the West is a symptom of the breakdown of the feminist 
Utopia. Freedoms need to be enforced by violence or the credible threat of violence, or 
they are meaningless. Even though women can take steps to protect themselves, the 
primary responsibility for protection will probably always belong to men. Women will thus 
only have as much freedom as their men are willing and capable of guaranteeing them. It 
is a major flaw in many feminist theories that they fail to acknowledge this.
The difference between women’s rights and women’s illusions is defined by a Smith and 
Wesson, not by a Betty Friedan or a Virginia Wolf.
Writer Lars Hedegaard in Denmark does not buy into the theory that women approve of 
Muslim immigration out of irrational naivety or ideological conviction. He thinks they 
simply want it, as he writes in a column entitled “The dream of submission.” He does 
notice, as I do, that women are more likely than men to support parties that are open for 
more Muslim immigration.
Why is this, considering that there is hardly a single Muslim majority area in the world 
where women enjoy the same rights as men? And Hedegaard asks a provocative 
question: Are women more stupid and less enlightened than men, since they in such 
great numbers are paving the way for their own submission? He comes up with an 
equally provocative answer: “When women are paving the way for sharia, this is 
presumably because women want sharia.” They don’t want freedom because they feel 
attracted to subservience and subjugation.
The English author Fay Weldon has noted that “For women, there is something sexually 
very alluring about submission.” And as Hedegaard dryly notes, if submission is what 
many women seek, the feminised Danish men are boring compared to desert sheikhs 
who won’t allow you to go outside without permission. Muslims like to point out that 
there are more women than men in the West who convert to Islam, and this is in fact 
partly true. Islam means “submission.” Is there something about submission that is more 
appealing to some women than it is to most men? Do women yield more easily to power?
In a newspaper article about Swedish women converting to Islam[9], the attraction of 
the Islamic family life seems to be a common feature among women converts. Several of 
them state that in Islam, the man is more rational and logical, while the woman is more 
emotional and caring. This means that the woman should be the one to take care of the 
children and do the housekeeping, while the man should be the one to work and provide 
for the family. Many of the women feel that their lives lack a sense of purpose, but 
Christianity does not seem like a relevant alternative to them.
The fixation with looks in our modern society and the tougher living conditions for 
women, who are supposed to both have a career and do the housekeeping, play a part, 
too. Which is curious, considering the fact that it was women themselves, encouraged by 
modern talk show hostesses such as Oprah Winfrey, who talked about “having it all”; it 
wasn’t the men. Men know that nobody can “have it all,” you have to give up something 
to get something. Maybe women have discovered that working life wasn’t all that it was 
cracked up to be? Men do, after all, universally die years before women all over the 
world.
The plot of novelist Dan Brown’s Da Vinci Code is that the modern history of Christianity 
was a big, patriarchal plot to deprive women of the rights they supposedly enjoyed 
before this, during the age of “the sacred feminine” and the fertility goddesses who were 
always barefoot and pregnant. But if that’s the case, why is it that women make up the 
majority of Europe’s churchgoers? Why do women, out of their own free will, seek out 
these oppressive, patriarchal religions? Maybe French philosopher Ernest Renan was onto 
something when he called women “the devout sex.” Do women need religion more than 
men?
Are some feminists simply testing out men’s limits in the hope of finding some new 
balance between the sexes, or are they testing men to find our which men are strong 
enough to stand up to their demands, and thus which men can stand up to other men on 
their behalf? I heard one woman who was an ardent feminist in the 1970s later lament 
how many families they broke up and destroyed. She was surprised at the reaction, or 
lack of reaction, from men: “We were horrible. Why didn’t you stop us?”
In psychiatry, female patients are seen more frequently with self-inflicted wounds or self-
destructive behaviour than men, who tend to direct their aggression outwards. It is also 
a well-known fact that many women blame themselves for abusive husbands, and make 
excuses for their abusers’ behaviour. Has the West adopted some of the negative traits of 
the female psyche? The newly feminised West gets attacked and assaulted by the Arab 
and Islamic world, and continues to blame itself, while at the same time be fascinated by 
its abusers. It is thus behaving in the same way as a self-loathing woman towards an 
abusive man.
Virginia Woolf in her book A Room of One’s Own praises the genius of William 
Shakespeare[10]: “If ever a human being got his work expressed completely, it was 
Shakespeare. If ever a mind was incandescent, unimpeded, I thought, turning again to 
the bookcase, it was Shakespeare’s mind.” “Let me imagine, since facts are so hard to 
come by, what would have happened had Shakespeare had a wonderfully gifted sister, 
called Judith, let us say.” “His extraordinarily gifted sister, let us suppose, remained at 
home. She was as adventurous, as imaginative, as agog to see the world as he was. But 
she was not sent to school. She had no chance of learning grammar and logic, let alone 
of reading Horace and Virgil.” She “killed herself one winter’s night and lies buried at 
some cross–roads where the omnibuses now stop outside the Elephant and Castle.”
Feminists claim that the reason why women haven’t been as numerous in politics and 
science as men is due to male oppression of women. Some of this is true. But it is not 
the whole story. Being male means having to prove something, to achieve something, in 
a greater way than it does for women. In addition to this, the responsibility for child 
rearing will always fall more heavily on women than on men. A modern society may 
lessen these restraints, but it will never remove them completely. For these practical 
reasons, it is unlikely that women will ever be as numerous as men in politics or in the 
highest level in business.
Christina Hoff Sommers, the author of The War Against Boys, points out that[11] “after 
almost 40 years of feminist agitation and gender-neutral pronouns, it is still men who are 
far more likely than women to run for political office, start companies, file for patents, 
and blow things up. Men continue to tell most of the jokes and write the vast majority of 
editorials and letters to editors. And — fatal to the dreams of feminists who long for 
social androgyny — men have hardly budged from their unwillingness to do an equal 
share of housework or childcare. Moreover, women seem to like manly men.”
She also notes that “One of the least visited memorials in Washington is a waterfront 
statue commemorating the men who died on the Titanic. Seventy-four percent of the 
women passengers survived the April 15, 1912, calamity, while 80 percent of the men 
perished. Why? Because the men followed the principle ‘women and children first.’ “The 
monument, an 18-foot granite male figure with arms outstretched to the side, was 
erected by ‘the women of America’ in 1931 to show their gratitude. The inscription reads: 
“To the brave men who perished in the wreck of the Titanic. [...] They gave their lives 
that women and children might be saved.”
Simone de Beauvoir famously said, “One is not born, but becomes a woman.” She meant 
that they should reject all the inducements of nature, society, and conventional morality. 
Beauvoir condemned marriage and family as a “tragedy” for women, and compared 
childbearing and nurturing to slavery.
Strangely enough, after decades of feminism, many Western women are now lamenting 
the fact that Western men hesitate to get married. Here is columnist Molly Watson[12]:
We’re also pretty clued up about why our generation is delaying having children — and it 
has nothing to do with being failed by employers or health planners. Nor, despite endless 
newspaper features on the subject, does it have much to do with business women putting 
careers before babies. In my experience, the root cause of the epidemic lies with a 
collective failure of nerve among men our age. […] I don’t know a woman of my age whose 
version of living happily ever after fundamentally hinges on becoming editor, or senior 
partner, or surgeon, or leading counsel. But faced with a generation of emotionally 
immature men who seem to view marriage as the last thing they’ll do before they die, we 
have little option but to wait.
What happened to the slogan “A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle”? I’d just 
like to remind Ms. Watson that it was in fact the women who started this whole “single is 
best” culture that now permeates much of the West. Since women initiate most divorces 
and a divorce can potentially mean financial ruin for a man, it shouldn’t really be too 
surprising that many men hesitate to get involved at all. As one man put it: “I don’t think 
I’ll get married again. I’ll just find a woman I don’t like and give her a house.” At the 
same time, women during the past few decades have made it a lot easier to have a 
girlfriend without getting married. So women make it riskier to get married and easier to 
stay unmarried, and then they wonder why men “won’t commit?” Maybe too many 
women didn’t think all this feminism stuff quite through before jumping on the 
bandwagon?
The latest wave of radical feminism has severely wounded the family structure of the 
Western world. It is impossible to raise the birth rates to replacement level before women 
are valued for raising children, and before men and women are willing to marry in the 
first place. Human beings are social creatures, not solitary ones. We are created to live 
with partners. Marriage is not a “conspiracy to oppress women”, it’s the reason why we’re 
here. And it’s not a religious thing, either. According to strict, atheist Darwinism, the 
purpose of life is to reproduce.
A study from the United States[13] identified the main barriers to men tying the knot. 
Heading the list was their ability to get sex without marriage more easily than in the 
past. The second was that they can enjoy the benefits of having a wife by cohabiting 
rather than marrying. The report lends weight to remarks by Ross Cameron, the 
parliamentary secretary to the Minister for Family and Community Services, who chided 
Australian men, blaming Australia’s looming fertility crisis on men’s commitment phobia. 
“The principal reason young women say they don’t get around to having children is they 
can’t find a bloke they like who is willing to commit,” he said. “This commitment aversion 
in the Australian male is a real problem.”
Barbara Boyle Torrey and Nicholas Eberstadt write about[14] a significant divergence in 
fertility between Canada and the U.S.: “The levels of Canadian and American long-term 
trends in age of first marriage, first births, and common-law unions are consistent with 
the divergence in total fertility rates in the two countries. But the divergence in none of 
these proximate variables is large enough to explain the much larger divergence in 
fertility.” “Changing values in the U.S. and Canada may be contributing to the fertility 
divergence. The stronger notional role of men in U.S. families and the greater religiosity 
of Americans are positively associated with fertility, and the latter is also a strong 
predictor of negative attitudes toward abortion. Women in Canada enter common-law 
unions more often, wait longer than American women to marry, and have children later 
and less often.”
In Europe, Newsweek writes about[15] how packs of wolves are now making a comeback 
in regions of Central Europe: “A hundred years ago, a burgeoning, land-hungry 
population killed off the last of Germany’s wolves.” “Our postcard view of Europe, after 
all, is of a continent where every scrap of land has long been farmed, fenced off and 
settled. But the continent of the future may look rather different. “Big parts of Europe will 
renaturalise,” says Reiner Klingholz, head of the Berlin Institute for Population 
Development. Bears are back in Austria. In Swiss alpine valleys, farms have been 
receding and forests are growing back in. In parts of France and Germany, wildcats and 
ospreys have re-established their range.”
“In Italy, more than 60 percent of the country’s 2.6 million farmers are at least 65 years 
old. Once they die out, many of their farms will join the 6 million hectares (one third of 
Italian farmland) that has already been abandoned.” “With the EU alone needing about 
1.6 million immigrants a year above its current level to keep the working-age population 
stable between now and 2050, a much more likely source of migrants would be Europe’s 
Muslim neighbours, whose young populations are set to almost double in that same 
time.”
It is numbers like these that have induced Phillip Longman to foresee “the Return of 
Patriarchy[16]” and proclaim that “conservatives will inherit the Earth:”
“Among states that voted for President George W. Bush in 2004, fertility rates are 12 
percent higher than in states that voted for Sen. John Kerry.” “It turns out that 
Europeans who are most likely to identify themselves as “world citizens” are also those 
least likely to have children.” “The great difference in fertility rates between secular 
individualists and religious or cultural conservatives augurs a vast, demographically 
driven change in modern societies.” “Tomorrow’s children, therefore, will be for the most 
part descendants of a comparatively narrow and culturally conservative segment of 
society.”
“In addition to the greater fertility of conservative segments of society, the rollback of the 
welfare state forced by population aging and decline will give these elements an 
additional survival advantage.” “People will find that they need more children to insure 
their golden years, and they will seek to bind their children to them through inculcating 
traditional religious values.”
This last point is worth dwelling with. The elaborate welfare state model in Western 
Europe is frequently labelled as “the nanny state,” but perhaps it could also be named 
“the husband state.” Why? Well, in a traditional society, the role of men and husbands is 
to physically protect and financially provide for their women. In our modern society, part 
of this task has simply been “outsourced” to the state, which helps explain why women in 
general give a disproportionate support to high taxation and pro-welfare state parties. 
The state has simply become a substitute husband, upheld by taxation of their ex-
husbands.
It should be mentioned that if this welfare state should for some reason cease to 
function[17], for instance due to economic and security pressures caused by Muslim 
immigration, Western women will suddenly discover that they are not quite as 
independent from men as they like to think. In this case, it is conceivable that we will se 
a return to the modern traditional “provide and protect” masculinity, as people, and 
women in particular, will need the support of the nuclear and extended family to manage.
Another issue is that although countries such as Norway and Sweden like to portray 
themselves as havens of gender equality, I have heard visitors to these countries 
comment that the sexes are probably further apart here than anywhere else in the world. 
And I readily believe that. Radical feminism has bred suspicion and hostility, not 
cooperation. And what’s more, it has no in any way eradicated the basic sexual attraction 
between feminine women and masculine men. If people do not find this in their own 
country, they travel to another country or culture to find it, which in our age of 
globalisation is easier than ever. A striking number of Scandinavian men find their wives 
in East Asia, Latin America or other nations with a more traditional view of femininity, 
and a number of women find partners from more conservative countries, too. Not 
everyone, of course, but the trend is unmistakable and significant. Scandinavians 
celebrate “gender equality,” and travel to the other side of the world to find somebody 
actually worth marrying.
To sum it up, it must be said that radical feminism has been one of the most important 
causes of the current weakness of Western civilisation, both culturally and 
demographically. Feminists, often with a Marxist world view, have been a crucial 
component in establishing the suffocating public censorship of Political Correctness in 
Western nations. They have also severely weakened the Western family structure, and 
contributed to making the West too soft and self-loathing to deal with aggression from 
Muslims.
Although feminism may have strayed away into extremism, that does not mean that all 
of its ideas are wrong. The women’s movement will make lasting changes. Women have 
occupied positions considered unthinkable only a few decades ago. Some things are 
irreversible.
Women pretty much run men’s private lives. Marriage used to be a trade: Female 
nurturing and support for male financial and social security. In a modern world, women 
may not need men’s financial support quite as much as they did before, while men need 
women’s emotional support just as much as we have always done. The balance of power 
has changed in favor of women, although this situation may not last forever. This does 
not have to be bad. Women still want a partner. But it requires men to be more focused 
on doing their best.
A study by scientists at the University of Copenhagen concludes that divorce is closely 
linked to poor health, especially among men[18]. The research indicates that the death 
rate for single or divorced males aged 40-50 is twice as high as for other groups. The 
research has taken into account whether there are other factors that could lead to an 
early death — such as a mental illness and having grown up under poor social conditions. 
“Considering the high amount of children growing up in broken homes we do believe that 
the study is very relevant. “It proves that divorce can have a serious consequence,” and 
that we may need a prevention strategy. John Aasted Halse, psychologist and author of 
numerous books about divorce, agrees.
The apparent contradiction between female dominance on the micro level and male 
dominance on the macro level cannot be easily explained within the context of a 
“weaker/stronger sex”. I will postulate that being male first of all is some kind of nervous 
energy, something you need to prove. This will have both positive and negative results. 
Male numerical dominance in science and politics, as well as in crime and war, is linked to 
this. Women do not have this urge to prove themselves as much as men do. In some 
ways, this is a strength. Hence I think the terms “The Restless Sex” for men and “The 
Self-Contained Sex” for women are more appropriate and explain the differences better.
Daniel Pipes keeps saying that the answer to radical Islam is moderate Islam. There may 
not be any such thing as a moderate Islam, but there just might be a moderate 
feminism, and a mature masculinity to match it. In the book Manliness, Harvey C. 
Mansfield offers what he calls a modest defence of manliness. As he says, “Manliness, 
however, seems to be about fifty-fifty good and bad.” Manliness can be noble and heroic, 
like the men on the Titanic who sacrificed their lives for “women and children first,” but it 
can also be foolish, stubborn, and violent. Many men will find it offensive to hear that 
Islamic violence and honour killings have anything to do with masculinity, but it does. 
Islam is a compressed version of all the darkest aspects of masculinity. We should reject 
it. Men, too, lose their freedom to think and say what they want in Islam, not just 
women. 
However, even a moderate version of feminism could prove lethal to Islam. Islam 
survives on the extreme subjugation of women. Deprived of this, it will suffocate and die. 
It is true that the West still hasn’t found the formula for the perfect balance between men 
and women in the 21st century, but at least we are working on the issue. Islam is stuck 
in the 7th century. Some men lament the loss of a sense of masculinity in a modern 
world. Perhaps a meaningful one could be to make sure that our sisters and daughters 
grow up in a world where they have the right to education and a free life, and protect 
them against Islamic barbarism. It’s going to be needed.
Sources:
http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1300
1. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1174
2. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/840, http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1105
3. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/04/confessions-of-ex-feminist.html
4. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/12/gender-quota-set-for-company-boards-of.html
5. http://www.ldo.no/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=33&Itemid=46
6. http://www.spectator.se/stambord/index.php?p=240
7. http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/nyheter/story/0,2789,135732,00.html
8. http://www.aftonbladet.se/vss/debatt/story/0,2789,461311,00.html
9. http://littlegreenfootballs.com/weblog/?entry=20593&only
10. http://etext.library.adelaide.edu.au/w/woolf/virginia/w91r/chapter3.html
11. http://www.weeklystandard.com/Utilities/printer_preview.asp?idArticle=12041&R=EBF131C9C
12. http://fjordman.blogspot.com/2005/10/trouble-with-men-or-with-women.html
13. http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2002/06/26/1023864608383.html?oneclick=true
14. http://www.policyreview.org/aug05/torrey.html
14. http://52.087.5.054plusf94:PBmluvt813218971489КФ
15. http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/8359066/site/newsweek/
16. http://www.keepmedia.com/pubs/ForeignPolicy/2006/03/01/1332578
17. http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/1234
18. http://www.cphpost.dk/get/95907.html

